id	answer
1	"Great Pay, Flexible Hours, Unlimited Vacation. Health Care, 401K, nothing else really"
2	Great staff and very helpful. Fair compensation package. As a relatively new employee I have not experienced any negative aspects at this time.
3	"Great benefits, working condition and people! Must make a 30 mile commute."
4	Corporate is slow in taking decisions
5	"High health care cost, high employee cost of company vehicle with minimal choice, raises cost of employee vehicle mid lease instead of at time of car choice - different vehicles have different employe"
6	Different businesses / strong financial performance Silo attitude in businesses. Benefits reduced over the year
7	"Good benefits, great teamwork, flexible employer. Not all organizations align to the same goals. This creates issues when trying to implement projects."
8	After being acquired by HSM the culture completely changed. Management openly said they do not care if people leave...get on the bus or get off is something that was said often.
9	"Excellent pay for new hires Diminishing Benefits, Managers frequently changing"
10	"Usually busy. Much needed employment for the area. Good pay. Lots of changes with a great demand on supervion and labor, but the lack of follow through is hard. Much needed improvment."
11	Some great leaders with experience No work from home. Drive around cost cutting
12	Wonderful Place to work and also a great job security Not much help can be got from oldies
13	-Great company to start a career out of college-Interesting work-They're starting to hire young eager people-Competitive entry-level pay-401k Matching increased-The people
14	"Lots of work, need more people! Promotions can feel slow. Benefits aren't what they used to be. Some policy updates seem to punish retirees. No EV charging available."
15	"Work from home, travel to. Other states for projects Depends on who. You are reporting to some people think estimating is a joke"
16	"So much to say here. Honeywell wants to become a first class software company. Having worked for a couple of Silicon Valley startups, Honeywell is out of their league. They need to hire a leader who u"
17	Base cost of medical for individual manageable Deductible off the charts and family costs very high
18	"Work from home, great people Some work requirements were not discussed during interview."
19	Frequent furloughs. The stock price is high at the expense of employee income (furloughs) and long hours. Ratings are somewhat based on if you are in the right clique.
20	Awesome staff great people love food Don't have any. But really like food.
21	not sure on the pros never like the work environment !
22	they have good benefits and work with you limited opportunities in some areas
23	"Benefits have been gutted over the last 5-10 years, and they are no longer competitive."
24	Good learning and interesting product. Corporate decisions impacting morale.
25	Supervisors are caring and very smart. I learned a lot from everyone I worked with. Great culture. On-call shifts were my least favorite.
26	"Fellow Co-Workers, Job Opportunities and have always had great managers Would like to see more training and development"
27	good company for young bloodwilling to train new gradvery nice environment with engineers around management is badboss decides who get promoted
28	Sadly the present CEO and his staff do not understand the difference between data driven digital products and standard software development. One bad decision after another in terms of organizational s
29	The CEO does not care about the employees and I'm shocked that his rating is at 65%. You can't ask a question without feeling belittled. The employees have not seen any benefit to the Trump tax reduct
30	"good benefits - insurance, vacation and 401K match. large company with lots of red tape that slows job effectiveness."
31	Robust Business practices for aerospace benefits decline year over year
32	"Constant layoffs, incompetent management, low pay, very little merit increases, don't fall for the un-limited vacation policy. you can't take time when you want to. Benefits are absolutely terrible, $"
33	"Pay in very competitive, good work environment Place is going to crap. Slowly taking away benefits to make the company to investors"
34	Room for growth and advancement. Salaries are not competitive. Benefits and policy constantly changing. Corporate micro management won't allow you to run your site.
35	A lot of hours. Blood sucking management. A bunch of yes men who have no skill.
36	"It's a large, old company that's transforming. Not a new story. Needs to shake off the rust and modernize. Benefits are disappointing, culture is disappointing, organizational structure is very disapp"
37	Senior management has no clue what is going on down on the factory floor. Discrimination in a common occurrence in this company. There is a transgendered employee in the plant that gets targeted on a
38	"Good pay, benefits, upper management treats you professionally Locations that you have to work"
39	extremely friendly work environment real laid back and open enviroment pay could be a bit higher
40	"Good Products, wide coverage, lots of opportunity for business development Horrible people, bad management, poor planning and strategies"
41	"Payscale is on the low end and put the right people in the right places. Also, get rid of the dead weight.. You have alot of old timers who aren't complying with change."
42	Management does not have the power to invoke real changeHoneywell does not pay commissions timely hoping you will give upComp plans were delivered up to 6 months into the yearCommission rates went dow
43	Fun work environment with a family like vibe. Flexible start and end times. No longer being able to Telecommute with out prior approval.
44	"Free cookie at orientation. I'm still on a sugar high. A desire to end my life by eating leaded paint chips, shed from the dilapidated walls of my plymouth, mn micro-cube."
45	Some really smart people work there Not a lot of opportunity for creativity or use of your own mind. Regardless of the internal hype ... they are NOT doing cutting edge HR work here.
46	"easy for under-performing employees to go unnoticed, limited opportunities for growth, few rewards for extra effort"
47	"Many changes in the last few years with less and less focus on customers and employees, more encouragement to bullies and aggressive behaviors."
48	Interesting and challenging work. Open office environment is difficult and distracting
49	Poor quality no one cares of quality.Documents are forged a numbers are just made up on a daily basis.Hard work is penalized quality work is also penalized and you are retaliated on by The Slackers fo
50	I have not encountered any cons yet.
51	"Efficient, Employee Development, Growing in its industry. Salaries could be more competitive."
52	"Checks are paid on time. Bureaucracy, decisions are usually made a lot more slowly as they get passed from pillar to post"
53	"It was a contract position with no hope for permanent role. The co-workers (employees) often gossip. Supervisor was nowhere to be seen less alone available. Never received complete training, had to fi"
54	"They use a lot of outsourcing. This gives you the feeling that your job is never secure. Processes are always changing, sometimes just for the sake of change. The majority of the time there won't be a"
55	They are fair and encourage trying different positions at the same or higher grade level. You may get lock in to one position if you have continued high performanceNone
56	"Too numerous to document all. Honeywell is up to its ""age old"" practice of age discrimination, AKA ""PIP"". I encourage everyone to ""lawyer up""."
57	They do interesting and meaningful work. The people are great. Not so great benefits (health insurance etc)
58	Strong future and outlook for the company. Strong belief in doing more with less. Constant focus on reducing cost.
59	"Too many meetings, a lot of management stuff for indirect employees, environment too big and this make your job harder"
60	MNC working environment with lots of resourcesGenerous remuneration Products are not competitive.Need to retain talented people
61	"The tier system used is archaic at this point and leads to a lot of pointless meetings.Work life balance was awful, if you proved you were useful you would be forced to work 50+ a week while the usele"
62	"good compensation, good benefits package nothing to report of any note"
63	"- Health Insurance. Over $275 every two weeks for family coverage with a $3000 deductible.- No company $ for dental insurance. You can buy it, but you pay the full cost.- Worst employee rating system"
64	"Fantastic Management, they let you fail and there was plenty of room for growth. None at this location. Maybe the plant could use some renovations."
65	"Excellent role and exposure , excellent leadership.Focused and top performing team mates Resources and funding are not given at times for some projects."
66	"Cost of healthcare, constant request for revenue regardless of project status, direct management is powerless to upper management, ""if you are not working atÿleast 60 hrs a week, then you are not work"
67	Diversity of work and ability to work on very challenging programs. Honeywell is big on outsourced workforce and promoting/hiring foreign workers instead of Americans.
68	A macro management style company. Have open policy to let employee expose to other technology in the company. Lack of training program for new hiring.
69	1. Every employee action they have taken in the last 15years is to the benefit of stockholders at the expense of the employees.2. They look to outsource every job they can with the exception of manage
70	Good manager. Decent starting pay out of college My department was terrible. The only 2 decent employees transferred out just before i left.
71	"Outdated product and no commitment to investCompetition is beating them easilyLack of leadership, all the leader roles are open, and sketchy commitment to fillUncertainty if the business is viable and"
72	Benefits get worse every yearIncentives for high performance are laughableHigh deductible health plan with no relief premium reliefPoor accountability
73	"Very high pressure and daily challenges. Leadership appropriately pushes people to move past their limits. Very global workforce is a bonus, but can lead to some challenges as it matures."
74	Work environment is bad. Loud environment working with led and gunpowder is not fun. You are very dirty by the end of your shift. Long work hours
75	"Upper management is as crooked as a politician. They take away benefits at every opportunity and when they're shamed into doing something remotely positive, they find a way to make everyone feel worse"
76	lousy and inexperienced managerno formal trainingexpected to know everything and given little time to learnit's not just about collections you are expected to fix and be responsible for problems creat
77	"Less stable than it used to be. Lot's of uncertainty with the recent announcements about spinoffs.Like any large corporation, making the numbers every quarter is key. This can be counterproductive to"
78	Good work environment with many projects. have to wait 6 months before you can participate in 401k
79	"Friendly, understanding, committed to excellence Extensive paperwork. Have to prove what work you have done."
80	Good first job. Lots of room for advancement. Declining company morale. Riffs/furloughs/etc cause the talented people to leave and go to the competitors.
81	"Management does not care about the employees. mandatory furloughs with one weeks notice. Monthly lay offs. They are out of touch with reality. Benefits are very expensive and go up in cost, an down in"
82	Benefits-Wages are below industry standardsHealthcare is very expensive and covering less every year$1000 yearly penalties for not participating in Company Health Assessment program.Vacation policies
83	Training and Career Development are positive Highly Stressful with turnover in leadership
84	Hours Flexibility and good training system. Working remotely so kind of difficult to understand the operation.
85	currently no pros that come to mind reduced benefits in recent years
86	"Extremely professional environment, but fun! Organized from day one, well structured processes. I have not yet experienced any cons yet."
87	The work load is acceptable No remote work is allowedHealth Insurance is lousy
88	"Declining benefits year over year, EVERY year. No 401K match per pay period, now annual lump sum in January, if and if you are employed on Dec 15th. So RIF's will now be commonplace the beginning of D"
89	"People, structure, pto, vacation time Promotions are very difficult to obtain"
90	"Chaos, furloughs, RIFs, the WORST healthcare ever. No raises, outsourcing of key touchpoints with the customer. No work from home anymore"
91	You will be worked like a dog. No one will appreciate that you are working like a dog. You will have to guilt them in to a raise of your base pay. Which you will need to do when you find out that the
92	Repressive self centered focus leaves this a company to avoid New ceo every 4 months
93	"Pays well, good life-balance, flexibility, depends on your manager, unlimited vacation, conscientious co-workers Not so good medical coverage, bureaucratic bottleneck so slow to get things done"
94	"Pay, benefits, location, colleagues, experience Medical is expensive, no room for promotions or growth, management, capital management"
95	"Not at the moment, could be a lot of work and pressure but that comes with most jobs."
96	"Great product lines, huge opportunity for both vertical and horizontal movement. Initial training process is slow, hard to know everyone you work with,"
97	"Great people, good 401k, advancement opportunities Security, but it's needed. Parking."
98	"none, no one, there is not any all, no growth, greeds, salary reductiono"
99	"Raises are a joke, benefits are nonexistent, Less than zero support from corporate. Dead end if you don't have a four year degree because any management position requires one. Most sites are treated l"
100	Employees are great to work with. Many furloughs = pay cuts for all. RIF reduction in force makes unhappy employees.
101	They really take care of their employees Noting at the moment. Great place to work.
102	Better than not working anywhere knee jerk management. Poor decision making ability.
103	Left alone. Not very ready for first day. So many services can be overwhelming for the inexperienced. Nothing that can?t be overcome or easily improved.
104	You will likely be sent home for a week with no pay to ensure the VPs get their bonuses.Plans for Quarterly or Ad-hoc Reductions in Personnel will be efficiently executed to ensure the VPs get their b
105	Great place to work for None so far. I have yet to get started
106	"big company, more opportunities, good benefits big company, many politicians, especially in senior management team"
107	"They make every attempt to accomodate your schedule, to balance work and family. In some cases performance and reward are not really co-related."
108	"Honeywell moved our jobs to Mexico to save a few dollars, sacrificing good people who put care into their work"
109	"Let's be honest--Honeywell simply doesn't care about it's employees. No more ability to work from home. Instead, they make us all sit in an awful open floor plan that looks like a prison yard and make"
110	Exciting and challenging design projects. Poor benefits relative to other technology companies and unable to retain young engineering talent.
111	Good workplace environment and facilities No training provided for the new employers or interns
112	"Strong meritocracy, inability to make your own decisions-command and control management style. Too many corporate staff. Continually in a cost reduction mode, furloughs, merit increases, regular RIFs."
113	"No one cares about employees,Lay offs frequentManagement directionlessLittle to no autonomy in jobPay is too low compared to other firmsBenefits are non-existent"
114	Well defined roles and systems Large company with many processes to follow
115	Competitive salaries and good benefits Poor salaries and good benefits
116	The industrial design management is horrific and created a toxic work environment. ID management's style is essentially a bat about the head and neck. ID management uses verbal abuse as the primary ma
117	-No advancement opportunity-Bonuses go only to the higher up managers who take credit for their direct report's work-Terrible leadership; they do not lead by example-HPD is not giving everyone an accu
118	Global company offering challenging work and collaborative environment Global collaboration makes for long hours
119	FurloughsLayoffsBureaucracyScapegoat cultureReactive versus proactiveHoneywell will not pay out on big dealsDoes not value its people as assets but rather commoditiesBait and Switch on the comp plan
120	Good environment Good installation good benefits not development people stay on same positions for a long time
121	flexible vacation and 3 floating holidays micro managing of the employees
122	"No healthcare options.They give you two ""choices"" with the same exact costs and coverage??? The costs are insane to the employee. They pay no part of dental, so you get to pay for all the insurance yo"
123	"Work Life Balance, schedule was great There were no cons, they are good to employees"
124	"Generally, a toxic atmosphere reigns over the south bend plant. The recent lock out grew tensions between salaried and hourly union workers. Leadership seems to hold onto incompetent workers. Deviatio"
125	Large growing company. Many resources. Does not value home Life work balance. Does not care about the employee only the bottom line.
126	"Management thinks employees are complete idiots, trying to tell us ""to improve employee loyality"" while making a cash grab from the employees by holding all the 401K matches until next year. They even"
127	"Very few. Some smart people left but not for long No focus on people, innovation or long term. If you want to drive short term profits and want to focus only on numbers, this is your place."
128	the people are great to work with too much out sourcing to China
129	"Where should I start? I've been with this company for 14 years. I watched as former CEO Dave Cote completed several acquisitions, only to then watch the company ""spin off"" two divisions into new compa"
130	"Occasional discounts on Honeywell products Layoffs, high stress, low rewards. Disaster of a company that will implode."
131	Work life balance has been very good. Opportunities to move groups throughout the company are seemingly endless. Poor job of developing talent.
132	They have great benefits and insurance The culture is not great
133	lots of opportunity for growth. had a manager that micromanaged
134	Insurance was terrible. Worst insurance is the city. Pay is below average. Raises didn't even keep up with insurance hikes. 401k lost an annual %5. Was taking home $200 less per check four years after
135	Eroding benifits for employees. Antaginistic environment for employees. High attrision and no back filling leaves an overworked negative enviroment. Employees are running to leave.
136	"Good industries, Good positions etc Poor leadership, Old rules, Slow"
137	"Honeywell is running this company to the ground. Doesn't care about employees, constant layoffs, furloughs and hits to employee benefits. Any and all jobs are outsourced to countries like India, Mexic"
138	"- Honeywell views employees as liabilities. They cut back benefits at every turn. For example, they just announced that 401K match will be given only at the end of Jan of each year (lump sum). You los"
139	Good salary from long term employment Constant reduction or removal of all benefits. Unrealistic production schedules. Pessure to maintain schedules. Non value added bureaucracy.
140	"Good engineers keep waiting to get noticed, promotions in Puerto Rico have become slow, almost halted across many teams even when they are going above and beyond their current roles for less than nati"
141	This is a big company. No accountability from managers when being dishonest or using unethical practices. This company has the worst health and 410K benefits.
142	"- Furloughs.- Spin-offs.- Base level structure is practically non-existent.- While the salaries might seem nice, don't expect any other benefits, bonuses,raises or any other type of monetary/morale bo"
143	Many career options due to the large size of the company. Many great employees working there. Benefits are expensive. Transparency is lacking post acquisitions. See management comments.
144	"The compensation is fairly decent. Micromanaging Culture, No Work Life Balance, Terrible Management, Terrible work environment"
145	They do not look out for employees. RIF's (Reduction in Force) are occurring frequently. New 401k Matching contribution changed. Now instead of getting the match with every paycheck you ONLY get it on
146	Terrible work life balance. Micro-managing. Horrible benefits. They will be lucky if the same planners are around in a year. Extremely short staffed even though we are considered fully staffed. Everyo
147	Advanced technological work.Quickly increase in responsibilities under the right managersClear reviews Stagnate at position levelMoving most work offshoreHigh level of workforce close to retirement
148	"I work about 12 hours a day only Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Love my days off. Feel like the hours is to long in a way."
149	Best place I have ever worked Worked there throw a temp. Agency
150	"Work/life balance can be poor sometimes. Pay can become low for senior employees, there?s is not a lot work flexibility you will expect when are an exempt employee."
151	"Great people, innovative tech, amazing experiences Work life balance and policies"
152	"good perks & good package location not so good, far from CBD"
153	"Great place to move up in your profesional carrier, good and smart people to work around Travel restrictions , hire freeze, furlogh and down sized"
154	"Management, Waldren specifically, have no interest in the employees. They outsource everything to the lowest bidder which ends up delivering bad products. Little to no raises. Furloughs even though th"
155	"Employees growth, cuvation and recognition Unfair-Supervisors hiring their friends and family."
156	Demeaning work environment. There is a constant effort to remove any benefit - no matter how small - from employees and offshore everything.
157	Great team to work with Large corporation process and procedures
158	"Good people, great corporate environment Costly health insurance that is difficult to afford"
159	"Management is reasonable, flexible with time. Pay is good. Hours are good. Benefits are not great. Deadlines are sometimes aggressive. Generally a reactive environment rather than proactive."
160	Diverse portfolioGreat LeadershipWell managedStock is strong Poor benefitsSlow in innovationOld workplaces
161	"Honeywell is still growing out of ""old"" corporate culture. There are times when you're working on something that should seemingly be easy, but you're hit with a roadblock that may take longer than you"
162	"Management is slow and seems to undervalue it's employees. I've seen a lot of engineers leave in my time, and I've heard of many not being properly evaluated. Pay needs to be on par with aerospace ind"
163	"good pay, unlimited vacation, and gym on site expensive benefits, old facilities, and no promoting in place"
164	Very high expectations to perform at standard. Lack of remote working is not keeping up with the trends of a ?software? company. Change is constant. If you aren?t flexible this isn?t the place for you
165	Decent health care benefit coverage Company is making there employees feel more like a number
166	"Management seems to advocate ""bullying"" by superiors.Benefits are substandard - healthcare is really expensive and basically only convers major medical.Management does not allow remote working so ther"
167	Management plays favorites. Constantly going through riffs and layoffs. Even when we have a great year there will be layoffs. It's just management trying to meet their bottom line. Cost of living rais
168	"great exposure to the Aerospace industry, plenty of room to grow. Myself and plenty of other people I know are overworked."
169	Name recognition and diverse product portfolio Industrial division is run very badly
170	"Health insurance is expensive, currently I don't think the company covers any percentage on the premium for its employees. If Honeywell covered 100% of health insurance premium, it would make employee"
171	"benefits seem to be getting worse and worse, inconsistent expectations department-to-department in terms of required busywork, no gym on site, book stores are in limited locations, so some discounts a"
172	Great work atmosphere and learning environment. Not enough exposure to other sectors of the company
173	Continue to furlough employee's regularly along with downsizing. Our revenue is increasing but we are not making unrealistic projections. This makes the company take short sighted approach to operatio
174	"Although the pay is very good, so is the work pressure. Also, since this is the new facility, this place has not been organized well. Some of the mid-senior folks get paid almost same as the entry lev"
175	"Lots of room to grow and develop in current or expanding roles Employees often are forced to do more with less. Key positions are often not backfilled or are converted to ""multi-site"" roles"
176	"Pay, people, close to home management, vacation policy, working environment"
177	Sometimes too large of a company is hard to stand out. Need to continue to network and work on projects outside your own area.
178	Great Place to work Work load is a bit too much
179	An organization that has gone from being great leadership to negative leadership to abusive leadership.
180	"Large company, opportunities to grow Large company, can be political"
181	I've only been there a couple months. People are great. Company seems to empower it's employees. The healthcare benefits could be better.
182	Provide appropriate work / life balance. Need to improve methods for securing future business opportunities.
183	I haven?t experienced any issues.
184	"Great people, fairly decent benefits although they are beginning to draw back Management non-cooperative with front line people"
185	Pay was a little better than average. Promised benefits disappear like magic.
186	The current aerospace climate has created a lot of unsteady work for the employees. There have been a few furloughs followed by lay offs and restructuring . This leaves the weight of work on good peop
187	Direct manager a micro-manager (at times) then completely hands-off (other situations). Manager and director in my work team took no responsibility for projects going sideways and set unrealistic targ
188	"Executive Leaders manage by fear and intimidation. No work-life balance, can't work from home and expected to work 24/7. Routinely micro-managed with no empowerment to make decisions and nearly all de"
189	"Health benefits are horrible, don?t plan on having a child on this policy. Little to no bonus depending on your position. Yearly raises are barely keeping up with cost of living increases. Very high e"
190	I learned some good process while I was there. I think the pay was averagely good. Does not treat people great.
191	Job security is good. You get to work with excellent scientists & engineers. Not much career development opportunity.
192	"Middle management wasn't the greatest after long standing managers left the company. After I was let go, employees were told not to contact me. Did not offer to relocate me when I switched contracts t"
193	"good pay , nice people swing shift , hard for new people"
194	Great coworkers - Program teams try to work together Too much focus on metrics and driving the gain for shareholders
195	"Wages were good, benefits were alright, management was hit or miss. HR was a revolving door, same with upper management. Very Us VS them mentality."
196	not allow work remotely. work outsource to other countries. keep cuting benefits. fear of layoff all the time.
197	good work-lift balance and good benefit nothing too bad to share
198	"Gov clearance waiting period is slow going, limits what you can do.Tons of computer based trainings.Managers don?t know what some of there employees do."
199	"Everyone is overworked and not getting paid for overtime, management kept telling the team the project has no money but requires us to work extra hours. The unlimited vacation is a joke, you get cruci"
200	Many leadership roles require long days and weekend work.
201	Great techs to work with. Management never worked in the field.
202	Great benefits and great bosses Requires a lot of training
203	Great company with possibility for growth Non flexible work hours. Benefits package was lacking
204	"Pay is on the lower end of competitive. New management came in with little understanding of the technical side, and didn't listen to employee's input. Only focus was 5S lean programs."
205	Impersonal treatment from upper management. CEO has expressly stated that work/life issues are not a priority. Expensive insurance. Upper management has problems prioritizing and controlling large pro
206	"Can be bureaucratic, wants to become a lead in software industrial but does not invest in strategic branding."
207	"Office Politics, eat or be eaten attitude, not respectful of work/life balance , lack of local executives in country they all come from the US"
208	There have been a lot of leadership changes over the past few years which means a lot of strategy and organizational changes for employees to adjust to.
209	"International aerospace company with a lot of growth potential, good pay, decent benefits, good people and important products Same problems that other large, supplier dependent companies have"
210	"HOS, Six Sigma Lean training. Decent work conditions. High 1st year revenue hurdle for new products."
211	Well defined process and better pay I was always a happy employee in Honeywell
212	it's need you had ability to manager yourself always feel waste time to work in it.
213	"Wages are stagnant. Benefits are continually eroding, and local HR has zero pull to make any changes.Engineering organization is split into multiple silos, with competing metrics. Result is fragmented"
214	"Great co-workers and pay is good for Rhode Island Their philosophy has changed. They no longer view employees as assets, we are now an expense that needs to be reduced."
215	"Good environment, supportive Manager, friendly colleagues and enjoyable work Benefit is not good. Lack of internal promotion"
216	"I will add feedback here if I find a con but, for now, it's been a fantastic experience in every way."
217	"Unlimited Vacation, Advancement Opportunities, Co-Workers,Life Insurance Lack of telecommutingBusiness decisions don't always consider the impact"
218	Pay is low. Super long hours. Expect to work weekends. Cash is king. Folks r very stagnant and very set. No need to improve what they're doing. Very little automation.
219	"close to home and convenient for me low moral, work ethics questionable"
220	"Ongoing benefits erosion, arguably, or not, consistent with the rest of the industry."
221	
222	"Honeywell is constantly downsizing, so workload was always increasing without compensating for extra time. The stress of the constant rounds of furloughs and layoffs was demotivating, coupled with Hon"
223	Its a job and pays the bills. Last year 2016 we had 3 Furloungs. Some managers are just not right for the position. HR repesentative for ISC is not the appropiate person for the job
224	Good place to work and good management. Can't think of any at this time.
225	"Micromanagement, so risk adverse there are 10 levels of approval then they wonder why you can't hit deadlines. Over the past 2-3 years SPS has endured RIF's, hiring freezes, furloughs, no merits - kee"
226	"Good Benefits, decent salary, opportunity to advance. I don't have any cons to list."
227	"Great Company to work for Honeywell does not invest in their office decoration, everything was old and outdated"
228	"Great atmosphere, decent pay. Flexible hours Everything is moving out of the country."
229	busy all the time and lots of metrics to report Lots of laid off and outsourcing of jobs
230	There has been a consistent decline in benefits and the work environment. Previously stability of the company would have been a positive but in recent years there have been many furloughs and Layoffs.
231	"hard to advance a career, very top heavy, way too many managers and meetings, very little people to do the work. The resources that are available are in China or India. Doesn't hire engineers statesid"
232	"Projects at Clearwater Space are for space flight. Authoritarian management style, lack of clear direction in production, frequent furloughs and layoffs, and only a high deductible healthcare plan."
233	Decent pay and vacation time No perks such as Christmas parties or retirement gifts etc
234	"Advanced technology, innovative industry, successful business Overly traditional, Outdated work space"
235	Promise you things you will never see. Micro manage you to death
236	Benefits were not that great.Open space/ non designated desk office set up is really distractive and it could be really annoying when people don't respect others sitting in the area and take calls at
237	Many great people who have been there for a while and are helpful Management style and culture have changed no longer a people focused company
238	Not a lot of benefits. Medical insurance is below of what other companies in the areas are offering. Expectation to work above the 40hrs and make up for time spent on non work related activities (yiel
239	Nice friendly people that helped make the onboarding process smooth and easy. HR very slow to respond
240	"Effort by managers to keep employees happy and productive. Fair salary. Horrible benefits, lack of wage matching compensation, keeps managers hands tied, extensive chain of command,"
241	"Great company with an extraordinary vision and products Aging upper management that ""don't want to rock the boat"""
242	Work/Life balance. Flexible work environment. Health benefits are limited. High premium and deductible.
243	A Good company to work for. Salary compensations for folks starting with smart startups is an issue.
244	"Very top down. Head executives involved with low level decisions. Incentives don't match expectations. Leaders are ""value stock"" executives that don't know how to invest as a growth company."
245	Honeywell values shareholders over employees. They are also in a constant state of reorganization which makes is difficult to feel like you are ever making forward progress.
246	Good work / life balanceDecent 401K Bad raises / promotionsHorrible Insurance
247	the people were very knowledgeable benefits were good at all
248	They are a modern technology company The benefits package gets worse every year
249	engineers might like itget compensated ok Leadership not aligned with values and doesnt care about individual contributors. No Planning
250	Great opportunity for advancement and learning Not close to where I live but that's not their fault
251	Fairly centralized with less responsibilities for regional leadership.
252	"Good Salary and work life balance, depending on program you work on. Poor benefits and raises. Hard to get promoted. Endless processes and procedures that add no value."
253	Don?t expect to be paid what you are worth. Honeywell is consistently going through organizational transformation and chews through its general management/leadership. Very little employee recognition
254	"Management too hung up on ""meeting roll down goals"" to actually lead. ""Walk the Talk gentlemen""!! Employees need actual motivation other than artificial goals created at review time to pat ones-self o"
255	High technology products and system applications restrictive policies limit growth opportunities for technical staff members
256	You are constantly challenged to excel which makes you better A High pressure work environment
257	"excellent balance work family and professional life so far so good, minor improvements specially on the transitions"
258	They treat people like tools and numbers. You're always two levels removed from anyone who can make any decisions and they hide behind the rules they make up.
259	Having the name Honeywell on your resume Actually working for Honeywell and having their super expensive and ridiculous health insurance.
260	Mobile is a terrible city to live. Corporate management live their lives for shareholders and stock market. Sold their souls to money. Put less qualified people in upper management that have no idea w
261	Treats employees as necessary evils and costs to be minimized. Annual erosion of benefits. Worst of all is the intellectual property agreement that you probably won't see until the day you actually st
262	"work hard and a lot of doors will open internal politics, very US centric"
263	"Stable company, good long term projects. Can work on many areas working in a single project. Little older than cutting edge technologies."
264	Career prospects are limited. Aerospace is cyclical in general. Low growth and mature technology. Cost cutting is the name of the game to boost margins. Little investment is made in facilities and peo
265	"Good Culture, great employees. Fair pay. It's a global corporation looking at the bottom line."
266	Lots of benefits taken after union talk a few years back. Raises are terrible and new people being trained to train the older regular people. The new people are running the show and the quality is not
267	"Good work/life balance, great people to work with, nice office Need to improve benefit plans"
268	They pay a decent wage. Benefits get worse every year. Management does not care about the employees. You must get the product out the door by any means possible (even when you ethically should not)
269	#NAME?
270	Flex time is a great plus unrealistic expectations from management a lot of times
271	Wonderful experience. Got to learn to learn a lot. Great people around to work with. No Cons. Enjoyed the experience
272	No consistent metrics to be evaluated on.People in management have never done the job they are creating rules and processes for.It's a punishment system. One mistake wipes out virtually all of the pos
273	1940s Autocratic SPS President - John Waldron.....thinks he is the smartest guy in the room. Rumor has it that he rose through the ranks due to relative nepotism.
274	-Great work/life balance-9/80 work week-flexible schedule-opportunities for growth
275	"Challenging work, 401K, a lot of opportunities. Difficult to balance work and life."
276	"Plenty of Opportunities to explore, Various kinds of job roles in various finance disciplines Hard to jump roles within."
277	"But, isn't forcing me to pay $1500 dollars a year if I don't allow a third party to have access to me or my spouses biometric (medical) test results a HIPPA violation? Not sure how that can be legal."
278	Good place to be sometimes Same as above. Can be good.
279	"Quite a few times, I heard the phrase your paycheck is your reward. Overall, pretty much not friendly to their employees. There is very little if any rewards you can give your employees or get yoursel"
280	"best perks,medical leave,gratuity are good part. management needs improvement.ethics should be established"
281	Big Company lots of room for growth Lots of change going on.
282	"Decent salary, Good work environment, friendly co-workers, room to grow, good benefits Corporate greed started to show through and letting go of key players in the business very much affected morale"
283	Job security and good work aenvironment salary can be increased more.
284	Many inefficiencies and gaps in processes/functions/capabilities across multi-national teams makes it hard to get things done and avoid disappointing customers.
285	"Immediate manager was out of touch with my job scope and my happenings in the field as he never spent time in the field (straight out of college, into engineering, and management). Other higher manage"
286	"Negativity. The more you ask questions, the more you will learn. To myself, I feel it is extremely important to do so."
287	"Big company, various opportunities for the right fit CEO froze salaries, 10-15% layoffs and made to work 2 weeks without pay"
288	Pay.. pretty good based on the average not enough supervisors... each supervisor works close to 65 hours a week with no overtime
289	1. Too many hours required to put in to get good results2. Teams are spread worldwide. You get flexibility but your workday has no set schedule and end - start your day at 5 am and go on till midnight
290	OSHA VPP star rated safety program lack of support from corporate and site level leaders
291	Flextime is a nice perk benefits are getting worse every year
292	"Medical, Pay, Easy Work, Nice people, good training 401K, Raises, Hard to make Rate, Recording hourly rate"
293	Good experience working on MIssile/Satelite navigation systems The aerospace /satellite business is in a down turn. No job security.
294	Corporate structureHoneywell is well known a good brand Health care benefitsTakes a long time to get promoted unless stars align in your favor
295	Great people and a descent environment. Pay is competitive. Very resistant to change. Slow moving on a lot of fronts. Lacking good communication between businesses.
296	"The benefits are excellent, and their safety program is phenomenal. Haven't found anything yet, but the acronyms are pretty tough."
297	"Fair Pay/Good Benefits. Challenging work! Dirty Industrial environment, Physically-demanding job"
298	Can't think of anything positive Unethical. Treats employees like trash. An abusive relationship that will haunt you.
299	The companies relocation package is very convenient. Also they did provide some aid during Harvey The benefits are mediocre at best. Also travel is a no go here. Investors are the only priority.
300	"I received a pay checkOk benefits if the rules were followed (have bio-metric screening or surcharged) Metrics are king.Daily work was ok, but the weekly beat-downs were tough."
301	Meeting new people for the first time and hoping that they will be friendly . But it's hard to say but I have to be positive
302	Pay was good and 401k was good. Most of the people you work with are good Some people can be very difficult to work with and production is always priority
303	"Management is cluelessToo many internal meetingsHorrible benefitsCorporate causes too much red tapeNothing efficientClaim to want to watch expenses, no internal travel, yet Corporate constantly requir"
304	"If you are going into software looking for a fancy skyscraper office looking out over a city, this isn't exactly it. You will probably get your standard cubicle, although the equipment provided is pre"
305	"there really were no real negative things to say about this organization, they seemed to really care about us and provided competitive pay and benefits. I liked working there"
306	Everyone is supportive and Helpful getting through the myriad of requirements. There are numerous steps to accomplish.
307	Too much structure. Managers can't do anything for their employees. Requests/raises/promotion go ALL the way to the top and happen rarely. Once they do finally happen they are dwindled down to nothing
308	Lots of work in my group They want to move everything to India & China as soon as possible
309	"There's a lot of variety and opportunity to do leading edge industry manufacturing Very large, corporate management, reducing benefits"
310	
311	"good wages, caring employees,standard work no work/life balance, union workforce"
312	Great company with excellent growth opp. every job has it's day
313	Good salary. Company very committed to process improvement and growth. Benefits being systematically reduced. Lots of mid level management churn. Just rescinded long standing remote worker policy.
314	"Good processes, many opportunities, a lot of depratments many fir loughs, poor insurance"
315	This was the best company that I have ever worked for! Really can't think of any. Great place to work!
316	Honeywell FMT out of Kansas City used to be a great place to get started. but unfortunatly Honeywell Corporate kept sticking there nose in and requiring more aggressive cost savings. Honeywell FMT no
317	"Management misdirection because of lack of experienced management, benefits are decreasing, understaffed departments, supplier quality, pushing programs through milestones even though they are not rea"
318	Gaining experience to go somewhere else No longer care about the employees
319	Company CulturePeopleWork Versatility SalaryAdvancementLeadershipBenefitsFacility is run down
320	"HR and business people run the company. They do not care about technical excellence just cutting costs and making the stock go up at the expense of a future. Minimal raises, benefits cut year after ye"
321	"Great collaborative environment, focused on individual engagement None so far as the comapny continues to expand into new markets"
322	"Good team , great products, amazing customer base They use Salesforce to micromanage"
323	"people are always friendly at work the pay isn't great, and work hours a bit longer"
324	"Extremely low pay. Engineers are leaving in droves and Senior management isn't doing anything about it. They've been saying ""we're working on it"" for over a year now. They have a ridiculous overtime p"
325	Good place to start out of college Company no longer cares about employees and continues to cut benefits.
326	Honeywell was a great company many years ago Honeywell is moving to Mexico and letting the employees go
327	certain amount of freedom allowed benifits cut over the years
328	"No employee loyalty. Confidence between management and employees suffering. Too many ""favorites"". Alot of overseas contracting of American jobs. ."
329	Work/Life Balance: Be prepared to work weekends. Since upper management decided to layoff everyone that wasn't absolutely critical remaining employees are being forced to pick up the slack. Now they a
330	Benefits can always be better but the way Honeywell offers benefits does allow for some tax savings.
331	"Nearly everything:Pay: Below industry standard for all positions across the board.Benefits: Complete garbage, high monthly cost + high deductible. If you have a family, be prepared to pay 1000s.Corpor"
332	Stock is up- Wall Street approves good products There is no life/work balance in management and not enough resources to produce high quality solutions in strategy and operations
333	Large installed base of good products Aerospace is a matrix organization with often opposing metrics between functions. Way too focused on cost cutting at the expense of employee satisfaction.
334	"friendly working environment, everyone is way too nice. great working relations. No overtime in the office for interns"
335	Excellent talent and people. Competitive salary Crazy work/life balance. Most jobs in IT are moving to India
336	Compensation is very competitive within the industry Too many rules and policies to act fast
337	Very mediocre benefits package. Particularly our medical coverage. Low contributions to 401k. Takes 3 years to divest shares.
338	Good company to expand your knowledge and have freedom to make choices and movements Old form of lean manufacturing
339	Pay well for the industry Politics in workplace and uncertainty of keeping job. Benefits are not good and continue to be taken away.
340	This company has much to gain from worldwide experience An unbalanced workload and lack of rescources is an issue
341	
342	Strong tradition of excellence throughout organizations Delays exists in data flow down as with any large and decentralized operations
343	Great place to work and diverse workforce Not too much negative comments. Travel sometimes becomes a burden.
344	"Nice people to work with mostly Brown-nosing works too well, onsite cafeteria terrible, terrible decisions made with outsourcing"
345	Good employees doing what they can Work life balance and demanding expectations
346	Vacation package is great. Other than that there's no pros to this company. Insurance is catastrophic. Be better if you were on government insurance. No time off other than vacation.
347	Tends to hire and promote white males with Ivy league education. Benefits have been significantly reduced. Too many organizational and management changes. Systems and processes are designed to feed se
348	Good benefits and working environment. Global exposure requires odd hours for meetings.
349	The work ethic and team environment at Honeywell is great. Wish they had more room to grow within in the company.
350	People are beaten down and leaving. It is tough to get replacements. Training is nearly nonexistent. Travel to do your job is also nearly impossible under current cost control measures.
351	Interesting work and lots of it Understaffed and laying off to hit short term revenue targets
352	Good engineers / mentors for growth Merit raises uncommon / layoffs
353	"Big company, lots of opportunity to move around to other groups. Flexibility. Pay well under average, no bonus structure. Lots of turnover."
354	Excellent work environment with continuous challenge and improve No complaint at the moment
355	"Opportunity, Career Advancement, Development, Pay near Market Hard work, long hours, minimum benefits in the US."
356	Big companies that implement inconsiderate changes & revenue bottom line. Do not spend time & resources on their employees. Zero growth opportunity in Hawaii.
357	"Very supportive team, great training and learning opportunities, interesting work. No cons to report so far."
358	The people you work beside are great. Management needs to be trained how to properly deal with incidents.
359	"Great Pay, Nice People, Flexible Schedule, International Travel I have none so far."
360	"payrate, early hours and experience management and healthcare. They have HSA but it does not help. co-pay is expensive"
361	"Good people and long term stable career. Long hours, being recognized might be a challenge."
362	Big platform and learn experience. Too much time on internal process.
363	"Not an easy job, changes impact thousands of customers which can sometimes be very stressful."
364	I love the Great leadership team overall This is a HUGE facility so trying to remember where each individual is located can be a bit tough.
365	Great work. Challenging tasks. A lot of faith put in young engineers. work environment can sometimes seem negative because of the aerospace industry.
366	"opportunities are a pro, but difficult to accomplish work load is not balance to life"
367	"Employee review system is unfair, forcing someone to be rated poor so as to approach a normal distribution."
368	"Rules, departments jobs seem to change every month. Once you learn something that is no longer valid. For the size company it is the health benefits are terrible."
369	It's steady employment strong economic out look for future Retirees Online access for beneficiaries s
370	One of the Top paying jobs. Work not very hard You have to work swing shift
371	"Recent executive changes foretell major strategic changes in many of the company's product lines. The company has 25,000 engineers, scientists, and technicians, 60% of whom don't write software. It's"
372	"Great career path at least till the middle layer, positive environment, can get entire aerospace product development experience Poor Salary and benefits, Complacent management"
373	"Training is not good, you figure out a lot on your own, coaching/mentoring/support is limited. The plant is systemically understaffed so you have to find a line or you will find yourself working 70+ h"
374	Great career prospects and progression Frequent org changes fluid business environment
375	"Health insurance is high-deductible offering, but better than nothing."
376	work is great and company is good lack opportunities to grow and find better opportunities
377	"Great people, excellent learning opportunities. Middle management is not as engaged as they need to."
378	"Below market target on salary offerings. Healthcare and assessment process is totalitarian. Benefits have been scaled back, while we are told to our face that shareholders are more important. Company"
379	Good culture. Friendly employees. Fun to work in Honeywell Cost cutting. uncertainity in merging.
380	"Advancement and you are required to notify manager if you are looking internally for new role. Otherwise, your application cannot be submitted."
381	"Great work life balance, fair pay. Very limited PTO, few opportunities to advance"
382	Pay scale... opportunity for advancement management oversight... red tape... benefits
383	Opportunities for motivated employees for career progress Aerospace outlook is bleak at the moment
384	There is no work space / office space for new (and many existing) employees
385	Wide variety of work needing to be done. Scope changes and project cancellations occur too often. Too slow to provide funding for projects.
386	"flexible schedule, unlimited vacation subject to manager approval. Hard to move up unless has a good connection"
387	It is a fee for service contract based work. state regulators over electricity providers have to approve. It is a long drawn out process.
388	Great co-workers. Opportunity. as there is multiple divisions. Value and worth of employees is not recognize .
389	"The hiring process and on-boarding sometimes take a little while, but it will come through in the end."
390	Excellent benefit and pension plan Poor quality of work life
391	Corporate management only has 30-day patience for results. This trickles down into organization culture. The constant pressure to deliver 90 results for Wall Street results in continuous upper managem
392	9 Block performance review system sucks. Managers are encouraged to place a certain amount of employees in the low end of the scale. Management won't tell you specifics when receiving low performance
393	"Pay and benefits are good Lack of employee appreciation, everyone is just a number."
394	Challenging work which motivates you to work harder and enjoy the work. A few furloughs last year.
395	Lack of strong management. Senior Leadership has lost touch with the employee base. The only driver now is shareholder value. This value proposition is coming at the expense of employees.
396	Good Benefits and Jobs are not hard. Buddy system which cause you not to progress in the company unless you in it.
397	Had a great career path No longer care about employees
398	They allow for a flexible schedule There have been recent cutbacks
399	"Really professional environment, good training and benefits with a high potential of growth. I don't find any cons on this job"
400	"Benefits. Unrealistic schedules. Constant RIFs. Lack of real respect from management. Used to have real flex time and vacation. Now I have none, I have to ask permission to take a day off. But I am st"
401	"A lot of Flexibility, very good pay, no traffic at the area Sometimes when you work for a big company you feel you are just another one in the machinery"
402	
403	Hard to navigate thru the Honeywell beast... and it's all about leadership making their big bonuses at the end of the day. It's pretty clear they don't care about their employees but at least they are
404	"Company is 0.5 kms from my home, but still I will not join this horrible employer.. They exploit you badly. Worst company for salary, career growth, work life balance ."
405	"Big name, well established company. Management churn every 18-24 months. Unclear leadership direction and focus. Honeywell has lost it's way."
406	"interesting products when there's a chance to improve them limited innovation, limited to a few employees"
407	"Not thrilled with treatment of employees, and the culture shift that appears to be happening. Top down control with lots of short term thinking (make the numbers). My department has had a high rate of"
408	"Decent benefits, generous 401k match, good pay Emphasis on speed at the expense of quality! Big on sending jobs out of the country!"
409	"There wasn't really an introduction to the company, just more of a quick start, somewhat of a sink or swim situation. However, that description makes it sound more harsh than it was."
410	Comp-time policy was nice. Trademarked mgmt. system worked well and most everyone aligned decision-making w/ that framework. Great company doing great things. Several I choose not to share.
411	"You're just a tool management wishes to exploit for as long as you're willing to bow your head.No interest in solving the pressing engineering problems. You're expected to stick to ""established method"
412	Lots of career growth opportunities Benefits tend to be really poor
413	It paid the bills mostly. Adversarial environment with upper management
414	Good pay good employees Bad Management Hr department is very poor known
415	Disappointing high management. They keep lot of things to themselves and many things were not done transparently.
416	Innovator when it comes to technology Does not value their employees
417	Very demanding and long hours. Very stressful work environment as you will be asked to hit both monthly and quarterly metrics
418	"Awesome teams nationwide, compensation is what you make it - work hard and will pay off. Stability. Large company- benefits used to be much better."
419	"pay, great minds, exciting projects some logistic / administration overload ; wish we had a bit more perks"
420	"Lack of family and work balance, no remote opportunities, leadership is ineffective at time with difficult employees, they can an easy pass even when it bogs down the team"
421	"People, work was interesting, nice environment No pay raises at the contract position"
422	Colleagues are focused on customers. Leadership team does not have a solid plan to move the organization forward.
423	Great management. Worked with amazing engineering talent. A lot of layoffs and furloughs
424	"1. Cons of a big company (slow bureaucracy, etc.)2. Health insurance is expensive and not the best coverage"
425	"Nice place to work, benefits, salary within market range Too slow to implement change"
426	They tend to lose focus when they are growing other divisions. This usually cause a loss of personnel due to lack of work.
427	"My coworkers were great but that's about it Horrible benefits, management is a joke, severely underpaid, stressful, not worth it"
428	it's too big and inefficient. there are useless corporate mandates that do not fit the need or reality of each site that need to be complied regardless. long tenure corporate bureaucrats take pride in
429	Good access to training and obtaining certifications Low pay. Good 'ole boy culture.
430	"People, Advancement, Benefits, Relocation, Training Only think of Contracts, Upper Management,"
431	Frequent layoffs keep people guessing about job security.Ineffective leadership that frequently changes direction.Lots of politics in the office.
432	Great company that treats its employees well They do not utilize there ERP system to near it's full potential. Overtime could be cut by 50% plus
433	"Pay - the golden handcuffs are hard to ignore Work life balance, unrealistic demands, took too long to hire to replace"
434	"bad employee policies, capricious work from home policy, management (SPS) is never satisfied with any financial metric, typical employee is never secure - there is always the objective to replace with"
435	"Challenging, Learning, Competition, Team Environment Management, Political, Under Paid Salary, Low Raise"
436	Reasonable benefitsBig company with opportunities to move across divisions Extremely poor leadershipVery political environment
437	"Big company means you may just have one little piece of the puzzle instead of wearing major multiple different hats at once (sales, development, customer support, etc) with far-reaching scope."
438	Broad product portfolio tech forward Large org slow decision making
439	"Too focused on non-value added procedures. Six sigma, AP1152, HOS, etc... Majority of ""engineering"" time spent filling out useless forms and checks in boxes before you can move a program forwards."
440	Life long friends are made working there The expectation of long hours
441	"1. Big company bureaucracy requires some work to figure out when first starting, though it doesn't affect my daily job much."
442	"Do not value their employees at all...furloughs, layoffs, no bonus structure, poor communication, no structure at all. There are many other companies out there, don't work here."
443	Group was still being developed so some misunderstanding about responsibility and role within business units. But that will be worked out as teams become more familiar.
444	Buracracy buracracy and more buracracy. It is a joke security runs the company and over rules common sense all the time
445	Very good company to work with no serious cons about honeywell
446	flexible schedule and friendly atmosphere work can be repetitive sometimes
447	"Technology, people, work-job balance Benefits, too many changes, poor leadership"
448	interesting in all areas of sales micro management in general about
449	The employees are good people. Bad Management and a Hostile Work Environment
450	Challenging environment. Always pushing you to improve Prefer director and above to relocate every few years
451	The HR function is completely superseded by the line management! Line managers are often promoted salesman and not specialists. Which means a number of functions start behaving like sales.
452	Travel is tough leaving for 1 to 2 years at a time and long hours more than likely work sundays aswell.
453	"Large company, good training, good support for sales team, decent benefits. Large companies don't always move quickly to implement strategy changes."
454	"good work environment, benefits and competitive pay. No flexibility on working from home policies. No career growth depending on the department you work for."
455	"Good pay, work remotely, lots to do Long hours, moves slowly, complicated processes"
456	"You'll hear about companies that are all about the bottom line and making money for the executives - that is Honeywell.Health benefits are AWFUL. Deductible is very high, and you get no assistance wha"
457	"Good co-workers. Management overall was good. Exciting work, and overall good teamwork. Promotions and raises are hard to come by."
458	"Lack of career progression. Watch out for your peers and business functional group e.g. your manager, etc, they may sell you out."
459	"The company appears to be preparing to divest some of the business units, although that has not been officially announced. In the interim there is a leadership vacuum that has been filled with various"
460	Can be overly focused on process.
461	Access to various technologies. Diversified. Lacks expert manpower and technical expertise
462	"Support of metrics collection on progress towards milestones and repetitive quoting of project costs steals engineering time that should be applied to quality systems development, integration & testin"
463	Very great company. Management is superb and coworkers are more like friends. None. This company is very great to work for. You might get stressed at times but never over bearing.
464	"Modern workplace, great treatment of employees and you get to work with some truly brilliant people. Very fast paced and demanding, not right for all people."
465	"Stable employment if you can move with the company, market salaries and benefits. Frequently buying/selling business units, be prepared for change"
466	I came from a much smaller company and it was a bit overwhelming to be in a large company where they have detailed processes and telephone hotlines for everything. I do have to say though once I got i
467	Salary and Bravo system is good Health insurance is probably the worst in Houston area
468	Good start to your career. Company culture is at a low point right now.
469	"People that you work with Everything- worst insurance on the market, no salary increases except for CEO and high level management, very unfair- let some work from home but not others."
470	I'm in office located in Pittsburgh. Relaxed environment. Two people share an office. No cafe in the building.
471	"They reward good work.Good working environment. Working with hazardous chemicals.Traffic is terrible, making a long day longer."
472	I've learned at from the company in Six Sigma Lean Manufacturing. No room to grow with the company.
473	
474	The people who work there are really great. Especially those on the floor. They are passionate about their work and truly want to do great work when given the right resources.
475	The pay is great there. Everything else sucked about the company.
476	"Management is horrible, benefits used to be good really high deductible now. Reviews really bad supervisors put no effort into knowing employees even less effort into reviews. Only thing they care abo"
477	global very well reputed company less opportunity for skill enhancement
478	"A lot of red tape, dictatorship environment and not much job security. High turnover rate. In US, as of 2027, no more set vacation days for salary people. It is at digression of the business or your m"
479	"terrible pay, forced overtime, management is garbage and dont expect good raises about 1.4% a year. worst medical and dental ever"
480	Intranet is confusing and cumbersome
481	Interesting work and High quality co-workers. Ineffective Leadership.Erosion of pay and benefits of rank and file workers.Very poor work / life balance.
482	Layoffs have been frequent. Managment seems to change frequently as well. Direction of the company seems uncertain.
483	"Management has no idea how to solve the business problems - they are only interested in finding someone to blame. When having a tough quarter, expect leadership to impose an unpaid furlough on employe"
484	"On side gym, nice coworkers, work/life balance poor benefits, minimal wage increase"
485	The management have been superb thus far. The onboarding process was extremely organized. Nothing negative to share. Everything has been great!
486	Want extensive growth without investing capital in the systems. Cost controls focused on the wrong things. Org chart not aligned properly which leads to conflicts in decision making.
487	*Excessive corporate bureaucracy*Pressure in the work environment*Lack of support from the higher command*One size fits all solutions*Not the best benefits in the market
488	Honeywell is a very large organization with many layers of management and approval requirements that can make some business aspects or progress seem slow-paced or bogged down.
489	"In 18 months working at the Redmond site, I was furloughed for three separate 1-week periods without pay and did not receive a raise. This was the case for ALL supervisors, managers, and engineers. Ba"
490	"Pay, Laid Back, and Union Representation. Strong Disconnect Between the Union and Front Office.Tends to Create Problems to ""Fix""They will step over a dollar to pick up a penny.Shop Politics"
491	"Nice place to work with good work life balance, specially for women. Belives in people retention. Hierarchy growth is very less, people tend to stay in the same position for long time"
492	If you do not want to work really hard. Honeywell is NOT for you!
493	"Opportunity to explore and grow Hectic working hours, late nights"
494	Executive management cares only about stock price. Several years of furloughs and layoffs along with a systematic cutting of employee benefits has led to extremely poor morale and general apathy. Now
495	Smart and nice people to work with Rightsizing. Sending more and more jobs to HIGH growth areas
496	Very good 401k savings plan Very little job stability for the amount of time spent there
497	"Overall, a truly awful place to work. This is a review primarily of the ACST group, previously called SRDC and then CSTC. It will probably be renamed and re-shuffled several more times in the next 5 y"
498	Worst immigration department and worst HR department.No cordiation between departments.It takes ever to start something.If you are looking for sponsorship or green card process they will cheat you.Law
499	Customers are great to work with Management needs to learn the technology of the business units (division) they are managing.
500	"Lots of learning opportunities and plenty trainings Benefits are less and less, expecting a lot of extra work without getting compensated for it"
501	"Great Pay, Flexible Hours, Unlimited Vacation. Health Care, 401K, nothing else really"
502	Great staff and very helpful. Fair compensation package. As a relatively new employee I have not experienced any negative aspects at this time.
503	"Great benefits, working condition and people! Must make a 30 mile commute."
504	Corporate is slow in taking decisions
505	"High health care cost, high employee cost of company vehicle with minimal choice, raises cost of employee vehicle mid lease instead of at time of car choice - different vehicles have different employe"
506	Different businesses / strong financial performance Silo attitude in businesses. Benefits reduced over the year
507	"Good benefits, great teamwork, flexible employer. Not all organizations align to the same goals. This creates issues when trying to implement projects."
508	After being acquired by HSM the culture completely changed. Management openly said they do not care if people leave...get on the bus or get off is something that was said often.
509	"Excellent pay for new hires Diminishing Benefits, Managers frequently changing"
510	"Usually busy. Much needed employment for the area. Good pay. Lots of changes with a great demand on supervion and labor, but the lack of follow through is hard. Much needed improvment."
511	Some great leaders with experience No work from home. Drive around cost cutting
512	Wonderful Place to work and also a great job security Not much help can be got from oldies
513	-Great company to start a career out of college-Interesting work-They're starting to hire young eager people-Competitive entry-level pay-401k Matching increased-The people
514	"Lots of work, need more people! Promotions can feel slow. Benefits aren't what they used to be. Some policy updates seem to punish retirees. No EV charging available."
515	"Work from home, travel to. Other states for projects Depends on who. You are reporting to some people think estimating is a joke"
516	"So much to say here. Honeywell wants to become a first class software company. Having worked for a couple of Silicon Valley startups, Honeywell is out of their league. They need to hire a leader who u"
517	Base cost of medical for individual manageable Deductible off the charts and family costs very high
518	"Work from home, great people Some work requirements were not discussed during interview."
519	Frequent furloughs. The stock price is high at the expense of employee income (furloughs) and long hours. Ratings are somewhat based on if you are in the right clique.
520	Awesome staff great people love food Don't have any. But really like food.
521	not sure on the pros never like the work environment !
522	they have good benefits and work with you limited opportunities in some areas
523	"Benefits have been gutted over the last 5-10 years, and they are no longer competitive."
524	Good learning and interesting product. Corporate decisions impacting morale.
525	Supervisors are caring and very smart. I learned a lot from everyone I worked with. Great culture. On-call shifts were my least favorite.
526	"Fellow Co-Workers, Job Opportunities and have always had great managers Would like to see more training and development"
527	good company for young bloodwilling to train new gradvery nice environment with engineers around management is badboss decides who get promoted
528	Sadly the present CEO and his staff do not understand the difference between data driven digital products and standard software development. One bad decision after another in terms of organizational s
529	The CEO does not care about the employees and I'm shocked that his rating is at 65%. You can't ask a question without feeling belittled. The employees have not seen any benefit to the Trump tax reduct
530	"good benefits - insurance, vacation and 401K match. large company with lots of red tape that slows job effectiveness."
531	Robust Business practices for aerospace benefits decline year over year
532	"Constant layoffs, incompetent management, low pay, very little merit increases, don't fall for the un-limited vacation policy. you can't take time when you want to. Benefits are absolutely terrible, $"
533	"Pay in very competitive, good work environment Place is going to crap. Slowly taking away benefits to make the company to investors"
534	Room for growth and advancement. Salaries are not competitive. Benefits and policy constantly changing. Corporate micro management won't allow you to run your site.
535	A lot of hours. Blood sucking management. A bunch of yes men who have no skill.
536	"It's a large, old company that's transforming. Not a new story. Needs to shake off the rust and modernize. Benefits are disappointing, culture is disappointing, organizational structure is very disapp"
537	Senior management has no clue what is going on down on the factory floor. Discrimination in a common occurrence in this company. There is a transgendered employee in the plant that gets targeted on a
538	"Good pay, benefits, upper management treats you professionally Locations that you have to work"
539	extremely friendly work environment real laid back and open enviroment pay could be a bit higher
540	"Good Products, wide coverage, lots of opportunity for business development Horrible people, bad management, poor planning and strategies"
541	"Payscale is on the low end and put the right people in the right places. Also, get rid of the dead weight.. You have alot of old timers who aren't complying with change."
542	Management does not have the power to invoke real changeHoneywell does not pay commissions timely hoping you will give upComp plans were delivered up to 6 months into the yearCommission rates went dow
543	Fun work environment with a family like vibe. Flexible start and end times. No longer being able to Telecommute with out prior approval.
544	"Free cookie at orientation. I'm still on a sugar high. A desire to end my life by eating leaded paint chips, shed from the dilapidated walls of my plymouth, mn micro-cube."
545	Some really smart people work there Not a lot of opportunity for creativity or use of your own mind. Regardless of the internal hype ... they are NOT doing cutting edge HR work here.
546	"easy for under-performing employees to go unnoticed, limited opportunities for growth, few rewards for extra effort"
547	"Many changes in the last few years with less and less focus on customers and employees, more encouragement to bullies and aggressive behaviors."
548	Interesting and challenging work. Open office environment is difficult and distracting
549	Poor quality no one cares of quality.Documents are forged a numbers are just made up on a daily basis.Hard work is penalized quality work is also penalized and you are retaliated on by The Slackers fo
550	I have not encountered any cons yet.
551	"Efficient, Employee Development, Growing in its industry. Salaries could be more competitive."
552	"Checks are paid on time. Bureaucracy, decisions are usually made a lot more slowly as they get passed from pillar to post"
553	"It was a contract position with no hope for permanent role. The co-workers (employees) often gossip. Supervisor was nowhere to be seen less alone available. Never received complete training, had to fi"
554	"They use a lot of outsourcing. This gives you the feeling that your job is never secure. Processes are always changing, sometimes just for the sake of change. The majority of the time there won't be a"
555	They are fair and encourage trying different positions at the same or higher grade level. You may get lock in to one position if you have continued high performanceNone
556	"Too numerous to document all. Honeywell is up to its ""age old"" practice of age discrimination, AKA ""PIP"". I encourage everyone to ""lawyer up""."
557	They do interesting and meaningful work. The people are great. Not so great benefits (health insurance etc)
558	Strong future and outlook for the company. Strong belief in doing more with less. Constant focus on reducing cost.
559	"Too many meetings, a lot of management stuff for indirect employees, environment too big and this make your job harder"
560	MNC working environment with lots of resourcesGenerous remuneration Products are not competitive.Need to retain talented people
561	"The tier system used is archaic at this point and leads to a lot of pointless meetings.Work life balance was awful, if you proved you were useful you would be forced to work 50+ a week while the usele"
562	"good compensation, good benefits package nothing to report of any note"
563	"- Health Insurance. Over $275 every two weeks for family coverage with a $3000 deductible.- No company $ for dental insurance. You can buy it, but you pay the full cost.- Worst employee rating system"
564	"Fantastic Management, they let you fail and there was plenty of room for growth. None at this location. Maybe the plant could use some renovations."
565	"Excellent role and exposure , excellent leadership.Focused and top performing team mates Resources and funding are not given at times for some projects."
566	"Cost of healthcare, constant request for revenue regardless of project status, direct management is powerless to upper management, ""if you are not working atÿleast 60 hrs a week, then you are not work"
567	Diversity of work and ability to work on very challenging programs. Honeywell is big on outsourced workforce and promoting/hiring foreign workers instead of Americans.
568	A macro management style company. Have open policy to let employee expose to other technology in the company. Lack of training program for new hiring.
569	1. Every employee action they have taken in the last 15years is to the benefit of stockholders at the expense of the employees.2. They look to outsource every job they can with the exception of manage
570	Good manager. Decent starting pay out of college My department was terrible. The only 2 decent employees transferred out just before i left.
571	"Outdated product and no commitment to investCompetition is beating them easilyLack of leadership, all the leader roles are open, and sketchy commitment to fillUncertainty if the business is viable and"
572	Benefits get worse every yearIncentives for high performance are laughableHigh deductible health plan with no relief premium reliefPoor accountability
573	"Very high pressure and daily challenges. Leadership appropriately pushes people to move past their limits. Very global workforce is a bonus, but can lead to some challenges as it matures."
574	Work environment is bad. Loud environment working with led and gunpowder is not fun. You are very dirty by the end of your shift. Long work hours
575	"Upper management is as crooked as a politician. They take away benefits at every opportunity and when they're shamed into doing something remotely positive, they find a way to make everyone feel worse"
576	lousy and inexperienced managerno formal trainingexpected to know everything and given little time to learnit's not just about collections you are expected to fix and be responsible for problems creat
577	"Less stable than it used to be. Lot's of uncertainty with the recent announcements about spinoffs.Like any large corporation, making the numbers every quarter is key. This can be counterproductive to"
578	Good work environment with many projects. have to wait 6 months before you can participate in 401k
579	"Friendly, understanding, committed to excellence Extensive paperwork. Have to prove what work you have done."
580	Good first job. Lots of room for advancement. Declining company morale. Riffs/furloughs/etc cause the talented people to leave and go to the competitors.
581	"Management does not care about the employees. mandatory furloughs with one weeks notice. Monthly lay offs. They are out of touch with reality. Benefits are very expensive and go up in cost, an down in"
582	Benefits-Wages are below industry standardsHealthcare is very expensive and covering less every year$1000 yearly penalties for not participating in Company Health Assessment program.Vacation policies
583	Training and Career Development are positive Highly Stressful with turnover in leadership
584	Hours Flexibility and good training system. Working remotely so kind of difficult to understand the operation.
585	currently no pros that come to mind reduced benefits in recent years
586	"Extremely professional environment, but fun! Organized from day one, well structured processes. I have not yet experienced any cons yet."
587	The work load is acceptable No remote work is allowedHealth Insurance is lousy
588	"Declining benefits year over year, EVERY year. No 401K match per pay period, now annual lump sum in January, if and if you are employed on Dec 15th. So RIF's will now be commonplace the beginning of D"
589	"People, structure, pto, vacation time Promotions are very difficult to obtain"
590	"Chaos, furloughs, RIFs, the WORST healthcare ever. No raises, outsourcing of key touchpoints with the customer. No work from home anymore"
591	You will be worked like a dog. No one will appreciate that you are working like a dog. You will have to guilt them in to a raise of your base pay. Which you will need to do when you find out that the
592	Repressive self centered focus leaves this a company to avoid New ceo every 4 months
593	"Pays well, good life-balance, flexibility, depends on your manager, unlimited vacation, conscientious co-workers Not so good medical coverage, bureaucratic bottleneck so slow to get things done"
594	"Pay, benefits, location, colleagues, experience Medical is expensive, no room for promotions or growth, management, capital management"
595	"Not at the moment, could be a lot of work and pressure but that comes with most jobs."
596	"Great product lines, huge opportunity for both vertical and horizontal movement. Initial training process is slow, hard to know everyone you work with,"
597	"Great people, good 401k, advancement opportunities Security, but it's needed. Parking."
598	"none, no one, there is not any all, no growth, greeds, salary reductiono"
599	"Raises are a joke, benefits are nonexistent, Less than zero support from corporate. Dead end if you don't have a four year degree because any management position requires one. Most sites are treated l"
600	Employees are great to work with. Many furloughs = pay cuts for all. RIF reduction in force makes unhappy employees.
601	They really take care of their employees Noting at the moment. Great place to work.
602	Better than not working anywhere knee jerk management. Poor decision making ability.
603	Left alone. Not very ready for first day. So many services can be overwhelming for the inexperienced. Nothing that can?t be overcome or easily improved.
604	You will likely be sent home for a week with no pay to ensure the VPs get their bonuses.Plans for Quarterly or Ad-hoc Reductions in Personnel will be efficiently executed to ensure the VPs get their b
605	Great place to work for None so far. I have yet to get started
606	"big company, more opportunities, good benefits big company, many politicians, especially in senior management team"
607	"They make every attempt to accomodate your schedule, to balance work and family. In some cases performance and reward are not really co-related."
608	"Honeywell moved our jobs to Mexico to save a few dollars, sacrificing good people who put care into their work"
609	"Let's be honest--Honeywell simply doesn't care about it's employees. No more ability to work from home. Instead, they make us all sit in an awful open floor plan that looks like a prison yard and make"
610	Exciting and challenging design projects. Poor benefits relative to other technology companies and unable to retain young engineering talent.
611	Good workplace environment and facilities No training provided for the new employers or interns
612	"Strong meritocracy, inability to make your own decisions-command and control management style. Too many corporate staff. Continually in a cost reduction mode, furloughs, merit increases, regular RIFs."
613	"No one cares about employees,Lay offs frequentManagement directionlessLittle to no autonomy in jobPay is too low compared to other firmsBenefits are non-existent"
614	Well defined roles and systems Large company with many processes to follow
615	Competitive salaries and good benefits Poor salaries and good benefits
616	The industrial design management is horrific and created a toxic work environment. ID management's style is essentially a bat about the head and neck. ID management uses verbal abuse as the primary ma
617	-No advancement opportunity-Bonuses go only to the higher up managers who take credit for their direct report's work-Terrible leadership; they do not lead by example-HPD is not giving everyone an accu
618	Global company offering challenging work and collaborative environment Global collaboration makes for long hours
619	FurloughsLayoffsBureaucracyScapegoat cultureReactive versus proactiveHoneywell will not pay out on big dealsDoes not value its people as assets but rather commoditiesBait and Switch on the comp plan
620	Good environment Good installation good benefits not development people stay on same positions for a long time
621	flexible vacation and 3 floating holidays micro managing of the employees
622	"No healthcare options.They give you two ""choices"" with the same exact costs and coverage??? The costs are insane to the employee. They pay no part of dental, so you get to pay for all the insurance yo"
623	"Work Life Balance, schedule was great There were no cons, they are good to employees"
624	"Generally, a toxic atmosphere reigns over the south bend plant. The recent lock out grew tensions between salaried and hourly union workers. Leadership seems to hold onto incompetent workers. Deviatio"
625	Large growing company. Many resources. Does not value home Life work balance. Does not care about the employee only the bottom line.
626	"Management thinks employees are complete idiots, trying to tell us ""to improve employee loyality"" while making a cash grab from the employees by holding all the 401K matches until next year. They even"
627	"Very few. Some smart people left but not for long No focus on people, innovation or long term. If you want to drive short term profits and want to focus only on numbers, this is your place."
628	the people are great to work with too much out sourcing to China
629	"Where should I start? I've been with this company for 14 years. I watched as former CEO Dave Cote completed several acquisitions, only to then watch the company ""spin off"" two divisions into new compa"
630	"Occasional discounts on Honeywell products Layoffs, high stress, low rewards. Disaster of a company that will implode."
631	Work life balance has been very good. Opportunities to move groups throughout the company are seemingly endless. Poor job of developing talent.
632	They have great benefits and insurance The culture is not great
633	lots of opportunity for growth. had a manager that micromanaged
634	Insurance was terrible. Worst insurance is the city. Pay is below average. Raises didn't even keep up with insurance hikes. 401k lost an annual %5. Was taking home $200 less per check four years after
635	Eroding benifits for employees. Antaginistic environment for employees. High attrision and no back filling leaves an overworked negative enviroment. Employees are running to leave.
636	"Good industries, Good positions etc Poor leadership, Old rules, Slow"
637	"Honeywell is running this company to the ground. Doesn't care about employees, constant layoffs, furloughs and hits to employee benefits. Any and all jobs are outsourced to countries like India, Mexic"
638	"- Honeywell views employees as liabilities. They cut back benefits at every turn. For example, they just announced that 401K match will be given only at the end of Jan of each year (lump sum). You los"
639	Good salary from long term employment Constant reduction or removal of all benefits. Unrealistic production schedules. Pessure to maintain schedules. Non value added bureaucracy.
640	"Good engineers keep waiting to get noticed, promotions in Puerto Rico have become slow, almost halted across many teams even when they are going above and beyond their current roles for less than nati"
641	This is a big company. No accountability from managers when being dishonest or using unethical practices. This company has the worst health and 410K benefits.
642	"- Furloughs.- Spin-offs.- Base level structure is practically non-existent.- While the salaries might seem nice, don't expect any other benefits, bonuses,raises or any other type of monetary/morale bo"
643	Many career options due to the large size of the company. Many great employees working there. Benefits are expensive. Transparency is lacking post acquisitions. See management comments.
644	"The compensation is fairly decent. Micromanaging Culture, No Work Life Balance, Terrible Management, Terrible work environment"
645	They do not look out for employees. RIF's (Reduction in Force) are occurring frequently. New 401k Matching contribution changed. Now instead of getting the match with every paycheck you ONLY get it on
646	Terrible work life balance. Micro-managing. Horrible benefits. They will be lucky if the same planners are around in a year. Extremely short staffed even though we are considered fully staffed. Everyo
647	Advanced technological work.Quickly increase in responsibilities under the right managersClear reviews Stagnate at position levelMoving most work offshoreHigh level of workforce close to retirement
648	"I work about 12 hours a day only Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Love my days off. Feel like the hours is to long in a way."
649	Best place I have ever worked Worked there throw a temp. Agency
650	"Work/life balance can be poor sometimes. Pay can become low for senior employees, there?s is not a lot work flexibility you will expect when are an exempt employee."
651	"Great people, innovative tech, amazing experiences Work life balance and policies"
652	"good perks & good package location not so good, far from CBD"
653	"Great place to move up in your profesional carrier, good and smart people to work around Travel restrictions , hire freeze, furlogh and down sized"
654	"Management, Waldren specifically, have no interest in the employees. They outsource everything to the lowest bidder which ends up delivering bad products. Little to no raises. Furloughs even though th"
655	"Employees growth, cuvation and recognition Unfair-Supervisors hiring their friends and family."
656	Demeaning work environment. There is a constant effort to remove any benefit - no matter how small - from employees and offshore everything.
657	Great team to work with Large corporation process and procedures
658	"Good people, great corporate environment Costly health insurance that is difficult to afford"
659	"Management is reasonable, flexible with time. Pay is good. Hours are good. Benefits are not great. Deadlines are sometimes aggressive. Generally a reactive environment rather than proactive."
660	Diverse portfolioGreat LeadershipWell managedStock is strong Poor benefitsSlow in innovationOld workplaces
661	"Honeywell is still growing out of ""old"" corporate culture. There are times when you're working on something that should seemingly be easy, but you're hit with a roadblock that may take longer than you"
662	"Management is slow and seems to undervalue it's employees. I've seen a lot of engineers leave in my time, and I've heard of many not being properly evaluated. Pay needs to be on par with aerospace ind"
663	"good pay, unlimited vacation, and gym on site expensive benefits, old facilities, and no promoting in place"
664	Very high expectations to perform at standard. Lack of remote working is not keeping up with the trends of a ?software? company. Change is constant. If you aren?t flexible this isn?t the place for you
665	Decent health care benefit coverage Company is making there employees feel more like a number
666	"Management seems to advocate ""bullying"" by superiors.Benefits are substandard - healthcare is really expensive and basically only convers major medical.Management does not allow remote working so ther"
667	Management plays favorites. Constantly going through riffs and layoffs. Even when we have a great year there will be layoffs. It's just management trying to meet their bottom line. Cost of living rais
668	"great exposure to the Aerospace industry, plenty of room to grow. Myself and plenty of other people I know are overworked."
669	Name recognition and diverse product portfolio Industrial division is run very badly
670	"Health insurance is expensive, currently I don't think the company covers any percentage on the premium for its employees. If Honeywell covered 100% of health insurance premium, it would make employee"
671	"benefits seem to be getting worse and worse, inconsistent expectations department-to-department in terms of required busywork, no gym on site, book stores are in limited locations, so some discounts a"
672	Great work atmosphere and learning environment. Not enough exposure to other sectors of the company
673	Continue to furlough employee's regularly along with downsizing. Our revenue is increasing but we are not making unrealistic projections. This makes the company take short sighted approach to operatio
674	"Although the pay is very good, so is the work pressure. Also, since this is the new facility, this place has not been organized well. Some of the mid-senior folks get paid almost same as the entry lev"
675	"Lots of room to grow and develop in current or expanding roles Employees often are forced to do more with less. Key positions are often not backfilled or are converted to ""multi-site"" roles"
676	"Pay, people, close to home management, vacation policy, working environment"
677	Sometimes too large of a company is hard to stand out. Need to continue to network and work on projects outside your own area.
678	Great Place to work Work load is a bit too much
679	An organization that has gone from being great leadership to negative leadership to abusive leadership.
680	"Large company, opportunities to grow Large company, can be political"
681	I've only been there a couple months. People are great. Company seems to empower it's employees. The healthcare benefits could be better.
682	Provide appropriate work / life balance. Need to improve methods for securing future business opportunities.
683	I haven?t experienced any issues.
684	"Great people, fairly decent benefits although they are beginning to draw back Management non-cooperative with front line people"
685	Pay was a little better than average. Promised benefits disappear like magic.
686	The current aerospace climate has created a lot of unsteady work for the employees. There have been a few furloughs followed by lay offs and restructuring . This leaves the weight of work on good peop
687	Direct manager a micro-manager (at times) then completely hands-off (other situations). Manager and director in my work team took no responsibility for projects going sideways and set unrealistic targ
688	"Executive Leaders manage by fear and intimidation. No work-life balance, can't work from home and expected to work 24/7. Routinely micro-managed with no empowerment to make decisions and nearly all de"
689	"Health benefits are horrible, don?t plan on having a child on this policy. Little to no bonus depending on your position. Yearly raises are barely keeping up with cost of living increases. Very high e"
690	I learned some good process while I was there. I think the pay was averagely good. Does not treat people great.
691	Job security is good. You get to work with excellent scientists & engineers. Not much career development opportunity.
692	"Middle management wasn't the greatest after long standing managers left the company. After I was let go, employees were told not to contact me. Did not offer to relocate me when I switched contracts t"
693	"good pay , nice people swing shift , hard for new people"
694	Great coworkers - Program teams try to work together Too much focus on metrics and driving the gain for shareholders
695	"Wages were good, benefits were alright, management was hit or miss. HR was a revolving door, same with upper management. Very Us VS them mentality."
696	not allow work remotely. work outsource to other countries. keep cuting benefits. fear of layoff all the time.
697	good work-lift balance and good benefit nothing too bad to share
698	"Gov clearance waiting period is slow going, limits what you can do.Tons of computer based trainings.Managers don?t know what some of there employees do."
699	"Everyone is overworked and not getting paid for overtime, management kept telling the team the project has no money but requires us to work extra hours. The unlimited vacation is a joke, you get cruci"
700	Many leadership roles require long days and weekend work.
701	Great techs to work with. Management never worked in the field.
702	Great benefits and great bosses Requires a lot of training
703	Great company with possibility for growth Non flexible work hours. Benefits package was lacking
704	"Pay is on the lower end of competitive. New management came in with little understanding of the technical side, and didn't listen to employee's input. Only focus was 5S lean programs."
705	Impersonal treatment from upper management. CEO has expressly stated that work/life issues are not a priority. Expensive insurance. Upper management has problems prioritizing and controlling large pro
706	"Can be bureaucratic, wants to become a lead in software industrial but does not invest in strategic branding."
707	"Office Politics, eat or be eaten attitude, not respectful of work/life balance , lack of local executives in country they all come from the US"
708	There have been a lot of leadership changes over the past few years which means a lot of strategy and organizational changes for employees to adjust to.
709	"International aerospace company with a lot of growth potential, good pay, decent benefits, good people and important products Same problems that other large, supplier dependent companies have"
710	"HOS, Six Sigma Lean training. Decent work conditions. High 1st year revenue hurdle for new products."
711	Well defined process and better pay I was always a happy employee in Honeywell
712	it's need you had ability to manager yourself always feel waste time to work in it.
713	"Wages are stagnant. Benefits are continually eroding, and local HR has zero pull to make any changes.Engineering organization is split into multiple silos, with competing metrics. Result is fragmented"
714	"Great co-workers and pay is good for Rhode Island Their philosophy has changed. They no longer view employees as assets, we are now an expense that needs to be reduced."
715	"Good environment, supportive Manager, friendly colleagues and enjoyable work Benefit is not good. Lack of internal promotion"
716	"I will add feedback here if I find a con but, for now, it's been a fantastic experience in every way."
717	"Unlimited Vacation, Advancement Opportunities, Co-Workers,Life Insurance Lack of telecommutingBusiness decisions don't always consider the impact"
718	Pay is low. Super long hours. Expect to work weekends. Cash is king. Folks r very stagnant and very set. No need to improve what they're doing. Very little automation.
719	"close to home and convenient for me low moral, work ethics questionable"
720	"Ongoing benefits erosion, arguably, or not, consistent with the rest of the industry."
721	
722	"Honeywell is constantly downsizing, so workload was always increasing without compensating for extra time. The stress of the constant rounds of furloughs and layoffs was demotivating, coupled with Hon"
723	Its a job and pays the bills. Last year 2016 we had 3 Furloungs. Some managers are just not right for the position. HR repesentative for ISC is not the appropiate person for the job
724	Good place to work and good management. Can't think of any at this time.
725	"Micromanagement, so risk adverse there are 10 levels of approval then they wonder why you can't hit deadlines. Over the past 2-3 years SPS has endured RIF's, hiring freezes, furloughs, no merits - kee"
726	"Good Benefits, decent salary, opportunity to advance. I don't have any cons to list."
727	"Great Company to work for Honeywell does not invest in their office decoration, everything was old and outdated"
728	"Great atmosphere, decent pay. Flexible hours Everything is moving out of the country."
729	busy all the time and lots of metrics to report Lots of laid off and outsourcing of jobs
730	There has been a consistent decline in benefits and the work environment. Previously stability of the company would have been a positive but in recent years there have been many furloughs and Layoffs.
731	"hard to advance a career, very top heavy, way too many managers and meetings, very little people to do the work. The resources that are available are in China or India. Doesn't hire engineers statesid"
732	"Projects at Clearwater Space are for space flight. Authoritarian management style, lack of clear direction in production, frequent furloughs and layoffs, and only a high deductible healthcare plan."
733	Decent pay and vacation time No perks such as Christmas parties or retirement gifts etc
734	"Advanced technology, innovative industry, successful business Overly traditional, Outdated work space"
735	Promise you things you will never see. Micro manage you to death
736	Benefits were not that great.Open space/ non designated desk office set up is really distractive and it could be really annoying when people don't respect others sitting in the area and take calls at
737	Many great people who have been there for a while and are helpful Management style and culture have changed no longer a people focused company
738	Not a lot of benefits. Medical insurance is below of what other companies in the areas are offering. Expectation to work above the 40hrs and make up for time spent on non work related activities (yiel
739	Nice friendly people that helped make the onboarding process smooth and easy. HR very slow to respond
740	"Effort by managers to keep employees happy and productive. Fair salary. Horrible benefits, lack of wage matching compensation, keeps managers hands tied, extensive chain of command,"
741	"Great company with an extraordinary vision and products Aging upper management that ""don't want to rock the boat"""
742	Work/Life balance. Flexible work environment. Health benefits are limited. High premium and deductible.
743	A Good company to work for. Salary compensations for folks starting with smart startups is an issue.
744	"Very top down. Head executives involved with low level decisions. Incentives don't match expectations. Leaders are ""value stock"" executives that don't know how to invest as a growth company."
745	Honeywell values shareholders over employees. They are also in a constant state of reorganization which makes is difficult to feel like you are ever making forward progress.
746	Good work / life balanceDecent 401K Bad raises / promotionsHorrible Insurance
747	the people were very knowledgeable benefits were good at all
748	They are a modern technology company The benefits package gets worse every year
749	engineers might like itget compensated ok Leadership not aligned with values and doesnt care about individual contributors. No Planning
750	Great opportunity for advancement and learning Not close to where I live but that's not their fault
751	Fairly centralized with less responsibilities for regional leadership.
752	"Good Salary and work life balance, depending on program you work on. Poor benefits and raises. Hard to get promoted. Endless processes and procedures that add no value."
753	Don?t expect to be paid what you are worth. Honeywell is consistently going through organizational transformation and chews through its general management/leadership. Very little employee recognition
754	"Management too hung up on ""meeting roll down goals"" to actually lead. ""Walk the Talk gentlemen""!! Employees need actual motivation other than artificial goals created at review time to pat ones-self o"
755	High technology products and system applications restrictive policies limit growth opportunities for technical staff members
756	You are constantly challenged to excel which makes you better A High pressure work environment
757	"excellent balance work family and professional life so far so good, minor improvements specially on the transitions"
758	They treat people like tools and numbers. You're always two levels removed from anyone who can make any decisions and they hide behind the rules they make up.
759	Having the name Honeywell on your resume Actually working for Honeywell and having their super expensive and ridiculous health insurance.
760	Mobile is a terrible city to live. Corporate management live their lives for shareholders and stock market. Sold their souls to money. Put less qualified people in upper management that have no idea w
761	Treats employees as necessary evils and costs to be minimized. Annual erosion of benefits. Worst of all is the intellectual property agreement that you probably won't see until the day you actually st
762	"work hard and a lot of doors will open internal politics, very US centric"
763	"Stable company, good long term projects. Can work on many areas working in a single project. Little older than cutting edge technologies."
764	Career prospects are limited. Aerospace is cyclical in general. Low growth and mature technology. Cost cutting is the name of the game to boost margins. Little investment is made in facilities and peo
765	"Good Culture, great employees. Fair pay. It's a global corporation looking at the bottom line."
766	Lots of benefits taken after union talk a few years back. Raises are terrible and new people being trained to train the older regular people. The new people are running the show and the quality is not
767	"Good work/life balance, great people to work with, nice office Need to improve benefit plans"
768	They pay a decent wage. Benefits get worse every year. Management does not care about the employees. You must get the product out the door by any means possible (even when you ethically should not)
769	#NAME?
770	Flex time is a great plus unrealistic expectations from management a lot of times
771	Wonderful experience. Got to learn to learn a lot. Great people around to work with. No Cons. Enjoyed the experience
772	No consistent metrics to be evaluated on.People in management have never done the job they are creating rules and processes for.It's a punishment system. One mistake wipes out virtually all of the pos
773	1940s Autocratic SPS President - John Waldron.....thinks he is the smartest guy in the room. Rumor has it that he rose through the ranks due to relative nepotism.
774	-Great work/life balance-9/80 work week-flexible schedule-opportunities for growth
775	"Challenging work, 401K, a lot of opportunities. Difficult to balance work and life."
776	"Plenty of Opportunities to explore, Various kinds of job roles in various finance disciplines Hard to jump roles within."
777	"But, isn't forcing me to pay $1500 dollars a year if I don't allow a third party to have access to me or my spouses biometric (medical) test results a HIPPA violation? Not sure how that can be legal."
778	Good place to be sometimes Same as above. Can be good.
779	"Quite a few times, I heard the phrase your paycheck is your reward. Overall, pretty much not friendly to their employees. There is very little if any rewards you can give your employees or get yoursel"
780	"best perks,medical leave,gratuity are good part. management needs improvement.ethics should be established"
781	Big Company lots of room for growth Lots of change going on.
782	"Decent salary, Good work environment, friendly co-workers, room to grow, good benefits Corporate greed started to show through and letting go of key players in the business very much affected morale"
783	Job security and good work aenvironment salary can be increased more.
784	Many inefficiencies and gaps in processes/functions/capabilities across multi-national teams makes it hard to get things done and avoid disappointing customers.
785	"Immediate manager was out of touch with my job scope and my happenings in the field as he never spent time in the field (straight out of college, into engineering, and management). Other higher manage"
786	"Negativity. The more you ask questions, the more you will learn. To myself, I feel it is extremely important to do so."
787	"Big company, various opportunities for the right fit CEO froze salaries, 10-15% layoffs and made to work 2 weeks without pay"
788	Pay.. pretty good based on the average not enough supervisors... each supervisor works close to 65 hours a week with no overtime
789	1. Too many hours required to put in to get good results2. Teams are spread worldwide. You get flexibility but your workday has no set schedule and end - start your day at 5 am and go on till midnight
790	OSHA VPP star rated safety program lack of support from corporate and site level leaders
791	Flextime is a nice perk benefits are getting worse every year
792	"Medical, Pay, Easy Work, Nice people, good training 401K, Raises, Hard to make Rate, Recording hourly rate"
793	Good experience working on MIssile/Satelite navigation systems The aerospace /satellite business is in a down turn. No job security.
794	Corporate structureHoneywell is well known a good brand Health care benefitsTakes a long time to get promoted unless stars align in your favor
795	Great people and a descent environment. Pay is competitive. Very resistant to change. Slow moving on a lot of fronts. Lacking good communication between businesses.
796	"The benefits are excellent, and their safety program is phenomenal. Haven't found anything yet, but the acronyms are pretty tough."
797	"Fair Pay/Good Benefits. Challenging work! Dirty Industrial environment, Physically-demanding job"
798	Can't think of anything positive Unethical. Treats employees like trash. An abusive relationship that will haunt you.
799	The companies relocation package is very convenient. Also they did provide some aid during Harvey The benefits are mediocre at best. Also travel is a no go here. Investors are the only priority.
800	"I received a pay checkOk benefits if the rules were followed (have bio-metric screening or surcharged) Metrics are king.Daily work was ok, but the weekly beat-downs were tough."
801	Meeting new people for the first time and hoping that they will be friendly . But it's hard to say but I have to be positive
802	Pay was good and 401k was good. Most of the people you work with are good Some people can be very difficult to work with and production is always priority
803	"Management is cluelessToo many internal meetingsHorrible benefitsCorporate causes too much red tapeNothing efficientClaim to want to watch expenses, no internal travel, yet Corporate constantly requir"
804	"If you are going into software looking for a fancy skyscraper office looking out over a city, this isn't exactly it. You will probably get your standard cubicle, although the equipment provided is pre"
805	"there really were no real negative things to say about this organization, they seemed to really care about us and provided competitive pay and benefits. I liked working there"
806	Everyone is supportive and Helpful getting through the myriad of requirements. There are numerous steps to accomplish.
807	Too much structure. Managers can't do anything for their employees. Requests/raises/promotion go ALL the way to the top and happen rarely. Once they do finally happen they are dwindled down to nothing
808	Lots of work in my group They want to move everything to India & China as soon as possible
809	"There's a lot of variety and opportunity to do leading edge industry manufacturing Very large, corporate management, reducing benefits"
810	
811	"good wages, caring employees,standard work no work/life balance, union workforce"
812	Great company with excellent growth opp. every job has it's day
813	Good salary. Company very committed to process improvement and growth. Benefits being systematically reduced. Lots of mid level management churn. Just rescinded long standing remote worker policy.
814	"Good processes, many opportunities, a lot of depratments many fir loughs, poor insurance"
815	This was the best company that I have ever worked for! Really can't think of any. Great place to work!
816	Honeywell FMT out of Kansas City used to be a great place to get started. but unfortunatly Honeywell Corporate kept sticking there nose in and requiring more aggressive cost savings. Honeywell FMT no
817	"Management misdirection because of lack of experienced management, benefits are decreasing, understaffed departments, supplier quality, pushing programs through milestones even though they are not rea"
818	Gaining experience to go somewhere else No longer care about the employees
819	Company CulturePeopleWork Versatility SalaryAdvancementLeadershipBenefitsFacility is run down
820	"HR and business people run the company. They do not care about technical excellence just cutting costs and making the stock go up at the expense of a future. Minimal raises, benefits cut year after ye"
821	"Great collaborative environment, focused on individual engagement None so far as the comapny continues to expand into new markets"
822	"Good team , great products, amazing customer base They use Salesforce to micromanage"
823	"people are always friendly at work the pay isn't great, and work hours a bit longer"
824	"Extremely low pay. Engineers are leaving in droves and Senior management isn't doing anything about it. They've been saying ""we're working on it"" for over a year now. They have a ridiculous overtime p"
825	Good place to start out of college Company no longer cares about employees and continues to cut benefits.
826	Honeywell was a great company many years ago Honeywell is moving to Mexico and letting the employees go
827	certain amount of freedom allowed benifits cut over the years
828	"No employee loyalty. Confidence between management and employees suffering. Too many ""favorites"". Alot of overseas contracting of American jobs. ."
829	Work/Life Balance: Be prepared to work weekends. Since upper management decided to layoff everyone that wasn't absolutely critical remaining employees are being forced to pick up the slack. Now they a
830	Benefits can always be better but the way Honeywell offers benefits does allow for some tax savings.
831	"Nearly everything:Pay: Below industry standard for all positions across the board.Benefits: Complete garbage, high monthly cost + high deductible. If you have a family, be prepared to pay 1000s.Corpor"
832	Stock is up- Wall Street approves good products There is no life/work balance in management and not enough resources to produce high quality solutions in strategy and operations
833	Large installed base of good products Aerospace is a matrix organization with often opposing metrics between functions. Way too focused on cost cutting at the expense of employee satisfaction.
834	"friendly working environment, everyone is way too nice. great working relations. No overtime in the office for interns"
835	Excellent talent and people. Competitive salary Crazy work/life balance. Most jobs in IT are moving to India
836	Compensation is very competitive within the industry Too many rules and policies to act fast
837	Very mediocre benefits package. Particularly our medical coverage. Low contributions to 401k. Takes 3 years to divest shares.
838	Good company to expand your knowledge and have freedom to make choices and movements Old form of lean manufacturing
839	Pay well for the industry Politics in workplace and uncertainty of keeping job. Benefits are not good and continue to be taken away.
840	This company has much to gain from worldwide experience An unbalanced workload and lack of rescources is an issue
841	
842	Strong tradition of excellence throughout organizations Delays exists in data flow down as with any large and decentralized operations
843	Great place to work and diverse workforce Not too much negative comments. Travel sometimes becomes a burden.
844	"Nice people to work with mostly Brown-nosing works too well, onsite cafeteria terrible, terrible decisions made with outsourcing"
845	Good employees doing what they can Work life balance and demanding expectations
846	Vacation package is great. Other than that there's no pros to this company. Insurance is catastrophic. Be better if you were on government insurance. No time off other than vacation.
847	Tends to hire and promote white males with Ivy league education. Benefits have been significantly reduced. Too many organizational and management changes. Systems and processes are designed to feed se
848	Good benefits and working environment. Global exposure requires odd hours for meetings.
849	The work ethic and team environment at Honeywell is great. Wish they had more room to grow within in the company.
850	People are beaten down and leaving. It is tough to get replacements. Training is nearly nonexistent. Travel to do your job is also nearly impossible under current cost control measures.
851	Interesting work and lots of it Understaffed and laying off to hit short term revenue targets
852	Good engineers / mentors for growth Merit raises uncommon / layoffs
853	"Big company, lots of opportunity to move around to other groups. Flexibility. Pay well under average, no bonus structure. Lots of turnover."
854	Excellent work environment with continuous challenge and improve No complaint at the moment
855	"Opportunity, Career Advancement, Development, Pay near Market Hard work, long hours, minimum benefits in the US."
856	Big companies that implement inconsiderate changes & revenue bottom line. Do not spend time & resources on their employees. Zero growth opportunity in Hawaii.
857	"Very supportive team, great training and learning opportunities, interesting work. No cons to report so far."
858	The people you work beside are great. Management needs to be trained how to properly deal with incidents.
859	"Great Pay, Nice People, Flexible Schedule, International Travel I have none so far."
860	"payrate, early hours and experience management and healthcare. They have HSA but it does not help. co-pay is expensive"
861	"Good people and long term stable career. Long hours, being recognized might be a challenge."
862	Big platform and learn experience. Too much time on internal process.
863	"Not an easy job, changes impact thousands of customers which can sometimes be very stressful."
864	I love the Great leadership team overall This is a HUGE facility so trying to remember where each individual is located can be a bit tough.
865	Great work. Challenging tasks. A lot of faith put in young engineers. work environment can sometimes seem negative because of the aerospace industry.
866	"opportunities are a pro, but difficult to accomplish work load is not balance to life"
867	"Employee review system is unfair, forcing someone to be rated poor so as to approach a normal distribution."
868	"Rules, departments jobs seem to change every month. Once you learn something that is no longer valid. For the size company it is the health benefits are terrible."
869	It's steady employment strong economic out look for future Retirees Online access for beneficiaries s
870	One of the Top paying jobs. Work not very hard You have to work swing shift
871	"Recent executive changes foretell major strategic changes in many of the company's product lines. The company has 25,000 engineers, scientists, and technicians, 60% of whom don't write software. It's"
872	"Great career path at least till the middle layer, positive environment, can get entire aerospace product development experience Poor Salary and benefits, Complacent management"
873	"Training is not good, you figure out a lot on your own, coaching/mentoring/support is limited. The plant is systemically understaffed so you have to find a line or you will find yourself working 70+ h"
874	Great career prospects and progression Frequent org changes fluid business environment
875	"Health insurance is high-deductible offering, but better than nothing."
876	work is great and company is good lack opportunities to grow and find better opportunities
877	"Great people, excellent learning opportunities. Middle management is not as engaged as they need to."
878	"Below market target on salary offerings. Healthcare and assessment process is totalitarian. Benefits have been scaled back, while we are told to our face that shareholders are more important. Company"
879	Good culture. Friendly employees. Fun to work in Honeywell Cost cutting. uncertainity in merging.
880	"Advancement and you are required to notify manager if you are looking internally for new role. Otherwise, your application cannot be submitted."
881	"Great work life balance, fair pay. Very limited PTO, few opportunities to advance"
882	Pay scale... opportunity for advancement management oversight... red tape... benefits
883	Opportunities for motivated employees for career progress Aerospace outlook is bleak at the moment
884	There is no work space / office space for new (and many existing) employees
885	Wide variety of work needing to be done. Scope changes and project cancellations occur too often. Too slow to provide funding for projects.
886	"flexible schedule, unlimited vacation subject to manager approval. Hard to move up unless has a good connection"
887	It is a fee for service contract based work. state regulators over electricity providers have to approve. It is a long drawn out process.
888	Great co-workers. Opportunity. as there is multiple divisions. Value and worth of employees is not recognize .
889	"The hiring process and on-boarding sometimes take a little while, but it will come through in the end."
890	Excellent benefit and pension plan Poor quality of work life
891	Corporate management only has 30-day patience for results. This trickles down into organization culture. The constant pressure to deliver 90 results for Wall Street results in continuous upper managem
892	9 Block performance review system sucks. Managers are encouraged to place a certain amount of employees in the low end of the scale. Management won't tell you specifics when receiving low performance
893	"Pay and benefits are good Lack of employee appreciation, everyone is just a number."
894	Challenging work which motivates you to work harder and enjoy the work. A few furloughs last year.
895	Lack of strong management. Senior Leadership has lost touch with the employee base. The only driver now is shareholder value. This value proposition is coming at the expense of employees.
896	Good Benefits and Jobs are not hard. Buddy system which cause you not to progress in the company unless you in it.
897	Had a great career path No longer care about employees
898	They allow for a flexible schedule There have been recent cutbacks
899	"Really professional environment, good training and benefits with a high potential of growth. I don't find any cons on this job"
900	"Benefits. Unrealistic schedules. Constant RIFs. Lack of real respect from management. Used to have real flex time and vacation. Now I have none, I have to ask permission to take a day off. But I am st"
901	"A lot of Flexibility, very good pay, no traffic at the area Sometimes when you work for a big company you feel you are just another one in the machinery"
902	
903	Hard to navigate thru the Honeywell beast... and it's all about leadership making their big bonuses at the end of the day. It's pretty clear they don't care about their employees but at least they are
904	"Company is 0.5 kms from my home, but still I will not join this horrible employer.. They exploit you badly. Worst company for salary, career growth, work life balance ."
905	"Big name, well established company. Management churn every 18-24 months. Unclear leadership direction and focus. Honeywell has lost it's way."
906	"interesting products when there's a chance to improve them limited innovation, limited to a few employees"
907	"Not thrilled with treatment of employees, and the culture shift that appears to be happening. Top down control with lots of short term thinking (make the numbers). My department has had a high rate of"
908	"Decent benefits, generous 401k match, good pay Emphasis on speed at the expense of quality! Big on sending jobs out of the country!"
909	"There wasn't really an introduction to the company, just more of a quick start, somewhat of a sink or swim situation. However, that description makes it sound more harsh than it was."
910	Comp-time policy was nice. Trademarked mgmt. system worked well and most everyone aligned decision-making w/ that framework. Great company doing great things. Several I choose not to share.
911	"You're just a tool management wishes to exploit for as long as you're willing to bow your head.No interest in solving the pressing engineering problems. You're expected to stick to ""established method"
912	Lots of career growth opportunities Benefits tend to be really poor
913	It paid the bills mostly. Adversarial environment with upper management
914	Good pay good employees Bad Management Hr department is very poor known
915	Disappointing high management. They keep lot of things to themselves and many things were not done transparently.
916	Innovator when it comes to technology Does not value their employees
917	Very demanding and long hours. Very stressful work environment as you will be asked to hit both monthly and quarterly metrics
918	"Awesome teams nationwide, compensation is what you make it - work hard and will pay off. Stability. Large company- benefits used to be much better."
919	"pay, great minds, exciting projects some logistic / administration overload ; wish we had a bit more perks"
920	"Lack of family and work balance, no remote opportunities, leadership is ineffective at time with difficult employees, they can an easy pass even when it bogs down the team"
921	"People, work was interesting, nice environment No pay raises at the contract position"
922	Colleagues are focused on customers. Leadership team does not have a solid plan to move the organization forward.
923	Great management. Worked with amazing engineering talent. A lot of layoffs and furloughs
924	"1. Cons of a big company (slow bureaucracy, etc.)2. Health insurance is expensive and not the best coverage"
925	"Nice place to work, benefits, salary within market range Too slow to implement change"
926	They tend to lose focus when they are growing other divisions. This usually cause a loss of personnel due to lack of work.
927	"My coworkers were great but that's about it Horrible benefits, management is a joke, severely underpaid, stressful, not worth it"
928	it's too big and inefficient. there are useless corporate mandates that do not fit the need or reality of each site that need to be complied regardless. long tenure corporate bureaucrats take pride in
929	Good access to training and obtaining certifications Low pay. Good 'ole boy culture.
930	"People, Advancement, Benefits, Relocation, Training Only think of Contracts, Upper Management,"
931	Frequent layoffs keep people guessing about job security.Ineffective leadership that frequently changes direction.Lots of politics in the office.
932	Great company that treats its employees well They do not utilize there ERP system to near it's full potential. Overtime could be cut by 50% plus
933	"Pay - the golden handcuffs are hard to ignore Work life balance, unrealistic demands, took too long to hire to replace"
934	"bad employee policies, capricious work from home policy, management (SPS) is never satisfied with any financial metric, typical employee is never secure - there is always the objective to replace with"
935	"Challenging, Learning, Competition, Team Environment Management, Political, Under Paid Salary, Low Raise"
936	Reasonable benefitsBig company with opportunities to move across divisions Extremely poor leadershipVery political environment
937	"Big company means you may just have one little piece of the puzzle instead of wearing major multiple different hats at once (sales, development, customer support, etc) with far-reaching scope."
938	Broad product portfolio tech forward Large org slow decision making
939	"Too focused on non-value added procedures. Six sigma, AP1152, HOS, etc... Majority of ""engineering"" time spent filling out useless forms and checks in boxes before you can move a program forwards."
940	Life long friends are made working there The expectation of long hours
941	"1. Big company bureaucracy requires some work to figure out when first starting, though it doesn't affect my daily job much."
942	"Do not value their employees at all...furloughs, layoffs, no bonus structure, poor communication, no structure at all. There are many other companies out there, don't work here."
943	Group was still being developed so some misunderstanding about responsibility and role within business units. But that will be worked out as teams become more familiar.
944	Buracracy buracracy and more buracracy. It is a joke security runs the company and over rules common sense all the time
945	Very good company to work with no serious cons about honeywell
946	flexible schedule and friendly atmosphere work can be repetitive sometimes
947	"Technology, people, work-job balance Benefits, too many changes, poor leadership"
948	interesting in all areas of sales micro management in general about
949	The employees are good people. Bad Management and a Hostile Work Environment
950	Challenging environment. Always pushing you to improve Prefer director and above to relocate every few years
951	The HR function is completely superseded by the line management! Line managers are often promoted salesman and not specialists. Which means a number of functions start behaving like sales.
952	Travel is tough leaving for 1 to 2 years at a time and long hours more than likely work sundays aswell.
953	"Large company, good training, good support for sales team, decent benefits. Large companies don't always move quickly to implement strategy changes."
954	"good work environment, benefits and competitive pay. No flexibility on working from home policies. No career growth depending on the department you work for."
955	"Good pay, work remotely, lots to do Long hours, moves slowly, complicated processes"
956	"You'll hear about companies that are all about the bottom line and making money for the executives - that is Honeywell.Health benefits are AWFUL. Deductible is very high, and you get no assistance wha"
957	"Good co-workers. Management overall was good. Exciting work, and overall good teamwork. Promotions and raises are hard to come by."
958	"Lack of career progression. Watch out for your peers and business functional group e.g. your manager, etc, they may sell you out."
959	"The company appears to be preparing to divest some of the business units, although that has not been officially announced. In the interim there is a leadership vacuum that has been filled with various"
960	Can be overly focused on process.
961	Access to various technologies. Diversified. Lacks expert manpower and technical expertise
962	"Support of metrics collection on progress towards milestones and repetitive quoting of project costs steals engineering time that should be applied to quality systems development, integration & testin"
963	Very great company. Management is superb and coworkers are more like friends. None. This company is very great to work for. You might get stressed at times but never over bearing.
964	"Modern workplace, great treatment of employees and you get to work with some truly brilliant people. Very fast paced and demanding, not right for all people."
965	"Stable employment if you can move with the company, market salaries and benefits. Frequently buying/selling business units, be prepared for change"
966	I came from a much smaller company and it was a bit overwhelming to be in a large company where they have detailed processes and telephone hotlines for everything. I do have to say though once I got i
967	Salary and Bravo system is good Health insurance is probably the worst in Houston area
968	Good start to your career. Company culture is at a low point right now.
969	"People that you work with Everything- worst insurance on the market, no salary increases except for CEO and high level management, very unfair- let some work from home but not others."
970	I'm in office located in Pittsburgh. Relaxed environment. Two people share an office. No cafe in the building.
971	"They reward good work.Good working environment. Working with hazardous chemicals.Traffic is terrible, making a long day longer."
972	I've learned at from the company in Six Sigma Lean Manufacturing. No room to grow with the company.
973	
974	The people who work there are really great. Especially those on the floor. They are passionate about their work and truly want to do great work when given the right resources.
975	The pay is great there. Everything else sucked about the company.
976	"Management is horrible, benefits used to be good really high deductible now. Reviews really bad supervisors put no effort into knowing employees even less effort into reviews. Only thing they care abo"
977	global very well reputed company less opportunity for skill enhancement
978	"A lot of red tape, dictatorship environment and not much job security. High turnover rate. In US, as of 2027, no more set vacation days for salary people. It is at digression of the business or your m"
979	"terrible pay, forced overtime, management is garbage and dont expect good raises about 1.4% a year. worst medical and dental ever"
980	Intranet is confusing and cumbersome
981	Interesting work and High quality co-workers. Ineffective Leadership.Erosion of pay and benefits of rank and file workers.Very poor work / life balance.
982	Layoffs have been frequent. Managment seems to change frequently as well. Direction of the company seems uncertain.
983	"Management has no idea how to solve the business problems - they are only interested in finding someone to blame. When having a tough quarter, expect leadership to impose an unpaid furlough on employe"
984	"On side gym, nice coworkers, work/life balance poor benefits, minimal wage increase"
985	The management have been superb thus far. The onboarding process was extremely organized. Nothing negative to share. Everything has been great!
986	Want extensive growth without investing capital in the systems. Cost controls focused on the wrong things. Org chart not aligned properly which leads to conflicts in decision making.
987	*Excessive corporate bureaucracy*Pressure in the work environment*Lack of support from the higher command*One size fits all solutions*Not the best benefits in the market
988	Honeywell is a very large organization with many layers of management and approval requirements that can make some business aspects or progress seem slow-paced or bogged down.
989	"In 18 months working at the Redmond site, I was furloughed for three separate 1-week periods without pay and did not receive a raise. This was the case for ALL supervisors, managers, and engineers. Ba"
990	"Pay, Laid Back, and Union Representation. Strong Disconnect Between the Union and Front Office.Tends to Create Problems to ""Fix""They will step over a dollar to pick up a penny.Shop Politics"
991	"Nice place to work with good work life balance, specially for women. Belives in people retention. Hierarchy growth is very less, people tend to stay in the same position for long time"
992	If you do not want to work really hard. Honeywell is NOT for you!
993	"Opportunity to explore and grow Hectic working hours, late nights"
994	Executive management cares only about stock price. Several years of furloughs and layoffs along with a systematic cutting of employee benefits has led to extremely poor morale and general apathy. Now
995	Smart and nice people to work with Rightsizing. Sending more and more jobs to HIGH growth areas
996	Very good 401k savings plan Very little job stability for the amount of time spent there
997	"Overall, a truly awful place to work. This is a review primarily of the ACST group, previously called SRDC and then CSTC. It will probably be renamed and re-shuffled several more times in the next 5 y"
998	Worst immigration department and worst HR department.No cordiation between departments.It takes ever to start something.If you are looking for sponsorship or green card process they will cheat you.Law
999	Customers are great to work with Management needs to learn the technology of the business units (division) they are managing.
1000	"Lots of learning opportunities and plenty trainings Benefits are less and less, expecting a lot of extra work without getting compensated for it"
1001	"High Margin, Latest Technology, Lean, Six Sigma Very aged employees, too much process, less results, too absorbed in meetings"
1002	
1003	"1) Corporate greed runs rampant. One week they are sharing news of how well the company did last quarter and what great profits they had, and the next week they are sending out internal memos about sp"
1004	Excellent product offering and quality Very poor management at the Zone level
1005	Good people to work with Poor benefits and people not valued only metrics
1006	Too many reorganizations over past 5 years. Each time they take longer than anticipated and leave many employees struggling with understanding where they fit in and what their directions should be.
1007	Many recent (last 3 years) changes in organization and leadership and loss of focus on core business and loss of many good people as a result
1008	There have been ups and downs with some of the management here. It is hard to get close and trust your management team when they aren't in the company for very long.
1009	"Excellent compensation and benefits, unsurpassed reputation within the customer base Management typically tone deaf to employee ideas and concerns"
1010	"Ability to telecommute whenever we wanted.Supportive co-workers. Constant feeling that the company was in flux.Treated contractors poorly, poor communication from management."
1011	People are great to work with. They do care. Downsizing is contributing to a poor working environment
1012	Senior management seems to be short-term focused. There have been several rounds of layoffs and furloughs in the last year.
1013	"401k match, stock is rising 2016-2017 Health benefits suck, the company outsourcing anything it can"
1014	Lots of trainingFocus on safetyRoom to stand out Seems like a higher turnover location?
1015	"Wide variety of work and great people to work with. Understaffed in some areas, but this is being addressed."
1016	Job Experience and continuous education The medical benefits are not that great
1017	Expectations and resources do not align. The good people leave. Prior close to retirement and the worthless stay. Soon no one who knows anything will be left
1018	Good pay working overseas. People Contracting overseas is temporary. Long hours
1019	Large global employer with varied work across the globe Large global employer with new executive team
1020	Health care benefits are below standard. Work life balance can become an issue. Facilities are dated. Leadership turnover is high.
1021	Financially focused which is a plus unless it runs the risk of being the sole focus. Some important aspects of any business are unknown (via variable measurement) and unknowable (via technology).
1022	Pay raises for US employees average once every two years and run at ~2%. Benefits continue to be cut over past several years. Expect long hours and no appreciation. My area moved to open floor plan so
1023	"Very Political EnvironmentToo Many Layers of Management, e.g. Vice Presidents reporting to Senior Vice PresidentsReductions in Force and Work Furloughs are CommonplaceWorking Nights and Weekends is Co"
1024	Pay doesn't match what other Honeywell employees are making. Unorganized. Union contract barely has any perks.
1025	"Close to home, Nice people to work for. Hard to advance, Salaries', Professional Conduct."
1026	"It is local to where I live horrible management, benefits and you are just a number."
1027	"Management (business and corporate) has lost sight of what employees value, and continues to diminish the non-monetary reason for staying. Recent emphasis on software is fine, but many high-value Aero"
1028	"Lost all talent. More people leaving than can be hired to stop the bleeding. No accountability, and CSO loses orders and rejects sales for process violations. Process is more important than the custom"
1029	"Back stabbing, dishonest people who are cut throat. They work in silo's and care nothing about their people, it's all a facade. HR is horrible and upper management is demanding to the point that you h"
1030	"Good hours, professional work environment, interesting projects. Significant use of lower wage engineers located overseas or in the US on work or travel visas. Benefits are very limited."
1031	"Flexible hours, kind of unlimited vacation policy Over processed, scientific management approach. Attitudeus everything and every person is interchangeable and expendable"
1032	"Flexible vacation days. Friendly environment at Muncie site. High deductible insurance with high premium. 401k match is very low, 8% of pay, match only 50%"
1033	No money for raises. Frequent years with no merit increases for the whole company. Limited advancement opportunities for non-software technical talent. Most future US hiring now targeting Atlanta. Mos
1034	"Acquired an excellent company in order to gain intellectual knowledge and customer contracts then dumped the company like a hot potato and referred to this practice as ""good business""."
1035	Nice people Work there and decent pay Health Insurance coverage not so great slow communication
1036	Good salary with still some remote work opportunities. Too many initiatives with loss of focus on making improvements.
1037	"Had some excellent managers and coworkers When people left the company, the positions were not filled for extended periods and existing employees had to do multiple jobs."
1038	Great Opportunities.Great Knowledge Base and Workforce Poor Benefits Package.High management turnover
1039	"Good learning environment, has benefits. its a really big company."
1040	"Technology, products, people, and history Tends to be overly prescriptive regarding engineering processes, lacks environment to be creative"
1041	Recently banned working from home. Treated like just a number. Benefits are not the best. Compensation is mediocre. Tuition reimbursement is almost non-existent.
1042	"None other than a pay check Everything, this place is toxic and lacks growth potential."
1043	"Used to have some positive things to say, but not anymore. Everything about the company from the salary and benefits to the management is seriously out of touch with the real world."
1044	Coworkers. Education reimbursement. Great manager. CEO too political. Need better work life balance.
1045	The people I worked with are great Upper management does not have a clue how to improve moral.
1046	Prestige working for an Aerospace Company
1047	"Great people at non management levels. Stifling environment, low pay and benefits, lousy health insurance with NO dental insurance company contribution."
1048	- Getting attacked by geese- Worst work environment: Co-Workers are petty and immature; will bully and belittle you- Not enough vacation days- PTO and vacation days do not roll over- Unorganized- Wors
1049	"Co-workers and networking, business travel, job assignments Outsourcing, layoffs, furloughs, benefit reductions"
1050	"Diverse products, locations. High saturation of six sigma Green Belts Success is very limited by a Program Management micro-managed charge number system."
1051	Not developing projects correctly. See above. Some times desperation seeps in. Then the challenges come.
1052	Limited ability to work remote! They seem to not like that much even though you could do your entire job from your kitchen table.No raise last year (2016) we did get one this year in 2017
1053	Health Insurance is very costly to the employeeUpper Management is totally disconnected from the businessExecution is severely hindered by constant upper level movement within the organization.No clea
1054	the people i work withlearn a new skill to use outside of jobwork hoursflexible personal time Benefitsrepetitive work flowstuck at deskgets boring
1055	"great staff, nice working hours, great management time consuming to wait on material to be found in stores"
1056	"Great 401K matching, good medical benefits Under-staffed most of the time"
1057	Decent pay for the Southeast area. Allowed OT. Wanted me to certify stuff that I had not been trained in. Had no Trainers available.
1058	Oh I couldn't possibly fit all the cons in here. Its a big business. No one cares about you or your ideas. Forget that thought that anything you learned in a degree program will matter to your job. A
1059	"good work environment, flexible timings, friendly colleagues work pressure, multi tasking required"
1060	Standardized Procedures and overall activities Better benefits and train better the recruited employees before executing delegated tasks.
1061	"good work environment, flexible timings, friendly colleagues work pressure, multi tasking required"
1062	"nice enviroment and work place too much politic, difficult to make change"
1063	"Unlimited vacation policy started this year, it is not unlimited and most employees will probably not get approved (yes you need to be approved for all vacation even though it's unlimited) for as much"
1064	"Great people, benefits, useful tools and systems to work with, provide continuous learning. Transitioning work overseas, removing set vacation times"
1065	"the on site gym is okay, free coffee in the cafeteria. Poor overall management of the organization. cost cutting and lack of resource allocation is the general approach."
1066	Great place to begin a career. Not a long term employer.
1067	Great people to work with. Hard to see a long term future. Company is very short cycle oriented.
1068	"transparency, freedomjob securitygood pay for performers too much processbureaucracytough to grow for ppl having 10-12 years of experience"
1069	Always learning from talented people. Salaries don't keep up with area companies.
1070	"Profitable company with good positions in various industries. Ultra short term focus, weak leadership at many levels, squandered human capital."
1071	Good salary. Exposure to new technologies. No focus on Work life balance. working Saturday's also.
1072	People were not respectful of each other in the workplace. It is not uncommon to be talked to by leaders and coworkers like you are beneath them
1073	"well structured, full of opportunity All about number, not people"
1074	Great people. Lots of opportunity. Huge portfolio of products Too focused on short term results which drives cost reduction behavior. Not much gratitude for employees.
1075	"metrics driven management, you have to work a minimum of 44 hours a week to stay off the layoffs and furloughs(only get paid for 40, rest if free for Honeywell to profit from), you are expected to tra"
1076	Good working environment and technological advancement Slow advancement and difficult to be permanent
1077	Great technological capacity to develop cutting edge products. Very slow decision making. High level managers are very rude to customers.
1078	"Honeywell is going through a period of furloughs and layoffs over the last year and a half.Honeywell Aerospace is making adjustments while trying to streamline engineering and manufacturing processes,"
1079	cutting edge technology and development in Aerospace Process overload that leads to extensive non-value added work driving up our development costs
1080	"STAY AWAY!! Honeywell doesn't give a crap about its employees, its a grind and they know it and don't care. Work life balance is a lie they perpetuate to get people in the door. They have a huge HR or"
1081	"Great people. Plenty of advancement opportunity, Large portfolio of aerospace products Short sighted leadership....too focused on EPS and not long term growth."
1082	Pressure to make each quarter is extreme and financials are engineered to do so. Lack of any revenue growth has led the company to improve its profits by squeezing the employee base among other edge-o
1083	Middle Management is real beyond week. HR protects these management associates no matter what evidence the employee provided.Stubbornness cause them to lose so many talented people and kept the losers
1084	"Honeywell was a great company, but has decided that they do not need people. Over the last few years they have continued to outsource all areas and have such a lean organization that there is no fail"
1085	The job is very challenging and every day is different. Workforce Reduction forces us to work long hours.
1086	Rapid career progression is possible very demanding culture with little work life balance
1087	The opportunity to serve in the community was outstanding When you have the wrong people in the wrong position you lose good people.
1088	-Too difficult to work there if you don't have tech knowledge
1089	Benefits have been trending negatively due to stock valuation tendencies and an overall cash heavy strategy. This sometimes leads to decisions that negatively impact retention and talent acquisition.
1090	Dwindling benefitsQuestionable Job SecurityDisconnected leadershipOutdated technologies/productsThere are a lot of experienced engineers who have been with the company for many many years. This isn't
1091	"I lucked out with a great manager Boring workload, feel more like a technical writer than an engineer"
1092	"Employee benefits have been reduced in recent years - cut 401K Matching in half, eliminated work from home option, and went to 'unlimited vacation' approach. This - on top of 3 weeks of furlough in 12"
1093	"Good people, challenging work, good benefits Not many downsides; few people difficult to work with"
1094	"This is by far, the worst company I have ever worked for, period. And not by choice! I was part of a recent acquisition or should I say, I am a victim of a recent acquisition. Honeywell bought us and"
1095	Constant furloughsRegular work force reductions with ridiculous expectations for remaining employees to pick up the slack.Company won't spend money on justifiable equipment improvements.Site Managers
1096	"Competitive Salary, Good Benefits, Good Corporate Structure Lack of Integrity with lower middle managers, Prefer Buzzwords over Sense, Treated like ignorant children."
1097	"Constant leadership turn over, changing priorities, poor leadership accountability, employees pay the price when cost cutting is needed to offset inefficiencies."
1098	They have great advancement opportunities large company sometimes lead to large number of layoffs.
1099	"Used to be a cool company but cutback after reorganization after cutbacks has left it understaffed with ultra stressed employees. Quality of life, leadership behaviors"
1100	"vacation, travel, 401k, sick time, training The raises are not matching competitors"
1101	"Allows opportunities to work on some of the latest technologies for space and military applications Very beauracratic, constant change in management and direction. Decreasing benefits each year."
1102	"Lots of exposure to amazing technology, lots of job security Bureaucracy seems to get in the way of getting the work done"
1103	"International company, variety of work, growth and developement Outsourcing, cutting benefits, these are the only cons"
1104	"Good environment, lots of interesting projects Sometimes the company seems to be in a disarray"
1105	"CEO. Commitment at corporate level to Six Sigma. Big, easy to get lost."
1106	"Different types of work, Navigation Systems Not enough support from management"
1107	"Continually being negatively motivated by being told at least you have a job. This little phrase was sprinkled around repeatedly. Especially at salary review time, but not so much when talking about c"
1108	Good pay as an intern. Very unstructured internship program when I was there.
1109	If you are a subcontractor say bye bye to most of the Benefits. As a subcontractor Contributing to a 401K would be a good Benefit to have.
1110	"High energy, fast paced, exciting place to work Demanding with a fair amount of travel"
1111	Managed to make it through MULTIPLE layoffs/RIFs (Reduction in Force) over my 22 years there. Focus is on making the numbers and Wall Street's reactions as well as which company they can next acquire.
1112	"Laying people off, forcing people to retire, forcing people to work mandatory overtime for 6 days a week. Very little leadership development, corporate micromanaging, very negative and frustrating pla"
1113	Great place to work today Can be challenging at times
1114	There are still good colleagues remaining This company will do anything to save a buck at the employees' expense
1115	"""Making the numbers"" seems more important to corporate management than doing what's necessary for long-term growth. This is especially harmful to a sector like Defense and Space that has to think long"
1116	"Great to affiliated with a company like Honeywell Honeywell overloads their employees with work and pushes productivity, but doesn't compensate for the workload."
1117	It is a job period Management has gone downhill over the last year
1118	Big corporation with good benefits The company culture could be improved.
1119	Company is stable. There are a variety of positions. Room for advancement for new graduates. Furloughs and other non-motiving moves by management.
1120	Working overtime paid the bills Too many - sad
1121	Good Benefits good working conditions Downsizing constantly not very secure
1122	Challenging opportunities and professional co-workers High deductible insurance and expensive insurance premiums.
1123	Big fortune 500 company with good systems Bad benefits and bad culture
1124	"Management lacks directionReorganization is constantNo vision or strategyPresident/CEO of SPS has no leadership capabilities, does not trust any one and has surrounded himself with ""yes-men""Benefits a"
1125	"Company promotes a Communist-style management: nepotism, corruption, dictatorial chain of command and control, hidden politics, non-accountability of management, promotion of the young, obedient inept"
1126	"Fast pace, smart people, performance culture Not for everyone if you cannot handle the culture"
1127	"Little to no organic growth; that said profits increase year after year by cost cutting, primarily through employees through layoffs, furloughs, no raises, benefit cuts and not replacing those who lea"
1128	Extended training program. Saw all aspects of the AIDC Industry. No vertical movement. Hired under false pretenses. Over sold and under delivered.
1129	Love it here and you will too! None really - wouldn't change a thing!
1130	"many business to learn from bad culture, short term focuse"
1131	Benefits are horrible. Cost cutting in all the wrong places. Departments merging that have nothing to do with one another. Employees are some what beat down with RIFS and Furloughs hanging over your h
1132	"Management structure changes significantly with turnover, each wanting to change things to put their spin on it. This practices leave employees wondering what will come next and hesitant to implement"
1133	"The cost cutting has gone deep. The impact on employees has been significant. Over the past 10 years there have been pay cuts (then restored), half the years with no merit increases, reduction in 401k"
1134	Not a good place for career growth.Your Mid-term and end of year performance results depend on opinions from managers who have little to no exposure to you and your work.
1135	Greedy Ceo and upper management. Although wages are not bad the company takes and takes from the middle class people who make the money for them. They want to keep them down instead of rewarding them
1136	Brand name. No work pressure Unprofessional environment. HR has no authority. Constant turmoil in hierarchy and org level. Not a stable workplace
1137	- The culture of continuous improvement is admirable until you find yourself inundated trying to execute on poorly planned top-down initiatives.- Honeywell doesn't do very well at professional develop
1138	Great co-workers. You will get good experience in the function you work in. No opportunities for advancement even if you're a top performer.
1139	Stuck in the old military industrial complex methodology of operating. Superb propaganda machine for publicity. Outsources everything (Trump take note). Does not value any employee long or short term
1140	Work/life balance and flex time Cost of benefits is only increasing
1141	Upper management changes every 2 to 3 years causing a lack of focus and consistency in the workplace.Company runs too lean to be effective.Working in the Fortune 100 can be challenging.
1142	"Poor work/life balance, recently changed several positions for non-exempt to exempt with a poor salary bump to compensate. Very slow to hire and fill holes, jobs will stay empty for several months pla"
1143	Very expensive health insurance. Raises are low if any (0-2%). Management typically does not understand the aspects of a worker's job.
1144	Morale difficult to maintain due to consistent yoy head count reductions and overworked employees.resources decline while expectations increase.There are some very good leaders but the adversarial cul
1145	High management turn over after 2 - 3 years of the acquisition. High workload makes it a bit difficult to balance work and personal life.
1146	"Overtime is always required and uncompensated. Removing benefits regularly, layoffs of great people with over 30 years of experience with the company. No future big picture planning, it is all about h"
1147	Good people that try really hard to do the right thing No good prospects unless you live in India
1148	Pay is pretty good and job can be interesting. Company is horrible. They keep cutting benefits and expect people to work longer hours
1149	Good benefits. Direct management is good. Promotions rare. Old buildings and environment.
1150	"- Management meddling (almost micro-managing) in the cool projects.- Politically correct to annoyance, including layoff choices"
1151	Gym located on campus and very cheap Working from home not encouraged and culture is HORRIBLE
1152	Not much interest in employee retention. Performance reviews are solely based on external feedback. Manager has very little role to play in employee's performance and motivation. They are least concer
1153	"So chaotic its a lot to do Pick one, bad management, poor health insurance"
1154	Good place to get beat down and loose passion for being a great engineer. Too numerous to mention. Suffice to say if you are considering a job here stay away!
1155	"There are none. Vacation is okay Terrible benefits, terrible pay increases, no employee recognition, non competitive wages"
1156	Good smart people to work with. Money is tight so benefits are being systematically taken away.
1157	Benefits are the weak link at Honeywell. HSA plan with very high deductible and high monthly cost. It is only slightly cheaper then going on your own.
1158	
1159	Good name recognition. Able to leverage brand recognition. Pretty much everything. Benefits have been stripped to nothing. 18 month long hiring freeze has decimated staff.
1160	Benefit cut every year. Vision and dental insurance not subsidized. Medical benefit is high deductible to the nth degree. Honeywell is a self insured company = benefit as a profit center for the compa
1161	"the people, a bunch of very nice folks. I didn't see a down side."
1162	you will get good work experience work to life ratio very poor. you are disposable to HW and your job is never secure
1163	"great people to work with very stressful position, lots of pressure"
1164	"Great Co workers, Good Pay, Good Training No Dental, Bad Benefits, Furloughs"
1165	"Spokane site is poorly managed with tons of leadership turnover. Because of this, managers generally don't understand the business and leave before learning it.Each year, corporate cuts another legacy"
1166	Great coworkers. Like to have fun while diligently working. Management is very demanding and worry more about results than the employees.
1167	"Paychecks never bounced, that was nice good vacation policy Cut throat environment, this company does not care about its employees"
1168	Excellent company benefits and pay Too much mandatory over time
1169	They don't value their employees. Poor benefits and they get worse every year. Implement new policies that negatively impact the employee. Seems like the CEO just wants to cater to the investors at th
1170	I enjoyed working with the employees The performance reviews are one sided
1171	2 weeks vacation to start employees come after company and share holders and health ins
1172	"Great office, motivated people, growth opportunities seem available. No work life balance, benefits not great"
1173	Sometimes unrealistic expectations on resources needed to support implementations in timeframe expected.
1174	"investing in technology, M&A, focused on growth Large and sometimes very slow to react in markets"
1175	Great people to work with. Senior engineering folks are willing to spend time helping you learn. Layoffs and furloughs. Uncertain future in Aerospace.
1176	"Job security, decent pay, nice co-workers Everything you do is managed to the nth degree. Bad health plan"
1177	-Competitive Pay-Supportive Manager-interesting productI guess i need more than 5 words. That's pretty hard to do in this section
1178	"Benefits are not competitive, but this can be mitigated by focusing on interesting work, delivering results and excelling in Honeywell behaviors to achieve a desired standard of living."
1179	No work life balance. No raises for the last 5 years. In the last 12months 4 furloughs of 1 week each. No promotion even if you are considered the best in group.
1180	"Long hours. Pension plan sucked; i drew 1,600 a month from age 55 to 62; then they dropped my pension down to 250...because i started getting my social security check. This is one rip off from that co"
1181	"Upper level management leads with confusion, not knowing to cater to the customer, employees, or share holders. Treated like a child with lots of restrictions."
1182	"Highly bottom line results drivenHigh Talent people who work very hardLarge, diverse range of businesses and career paths Numbers driven, not customer drivenLarge corporate overhead"
1183	"On a team level, all is good. Work is interesting, team is cohesive. Furloughs, layoffs, loss of flexibility, etc are choking out employee morale"
1184	"Always something to learn-must be detail orientated Overworked, security is usually the last to be brought in on discussions"
1185	Over worked....working 12 hr shifts 6 days a week...now they want 8hrs on Sunday. Too bad if you have plans with family or friends...there work is more important.
1186	Work with great peopleChallenging WorkWeek off between Christmas and NYE Health benefits are terribleLots of lateral job movementsTook away telecommuting
1187	There was always a concern that you could be laid off. It really messed with morale and the smart emplyees started fleeing the company because they saw the writing on the wall
1188	A lot of benefits and great team work Salary is under the national average
1189	"Alot of training opportunity. Good managers Low base salary, hard to move salary up without leaving company then coming back."
1190	Good Benefits and very safety minded Leadership changes and no clear direction
1191	good exposure to lower/upper management new managers are less experienced
1192	High career growth opportunities and development exposure Short term metrics driven culture can drive long-tern counterproductive behaviors
1193	"Its a well known company and well respected in the industry. Honeywell does not accommodate requests to a great extent. Hence, I had to part ways with the company."
1194	The company has been downsizing for a few years now. Many jobs have been sent over seas and many business practices are questionable.
1195	Benefits are cut short. Social event are minimum. No development or training.
1196	"based on kinship,? but its original English meaning reveals the Latin source of the word: ?favoritism shown to nephews.? It comes from the Italian word for ?nephew,? nepote"
1197	"Challenging, stable, we'll compensated, aerospace management Political, top driven, middle management,"
1198	"Honeywell Corporate has decided to layoff some employees, though the layoffs have been somewhat targeted."
1199	Salary can be better. Office bus service limited. Indian management tries to be over smart at times compare to other global offices.
1200	"High Deductible Health plan, 401k, messing with the former retirement plan. No longer a retirement plan available for new hires."
1201	"worked with employees that had been with the Co. thru multiple ownership, ( most had been employed 30+ years and watched the poiicy and management style change multiple times) who hated their jobs and"
1202	"1. This place is not for a creative engineering or technical work but manufacturing.2. Responsibility is to execute what is told, no need to think.3. Development means a process development, mostly de"
1203	"No pensions,Salary growth year to year is slow,Upward movement isn't always clear,Surrounding union environment complicates things (position is non-union)"
1204	"Steady work. Good people for the most part. Low pay , overtime with out pay, stressful environment"
1205	Fun stuff to work with Management that doesn't care about employees
1206	"Funding for projects is very hard to come by, especially in the US, even when those projects are stated management priorities. It really feels like management thinks of the employees as liabilities ra"
1207	Not much to say beside location Under payed and overworked with no benefits and lots of cuts
1208	"Directors and Managers lack real leadership skill, good old boys club and they only care their own success instead of providing clear objectives for the team. Zero growth opportunities if you can surv"
1209	Great for travel around world Little to no upward movement. Slacking on annual pay merit increase
1210	The bottom line numbers trump everything; practices to show growth/revenue targets were met go to the point of being detrimental to the long term viability of the business. Aside from deleterious acco
1211	"Good Pay, Exciting Industry, Great Products Poor Managerment, Outsourcing of Domestic careers, decreasimg benefits"
1212	if you need a job not for any young people who want to have a meaningful life
1213	Old industrial company that has become exceptionally risk averse. Recently the company morale has become sluggish due to frequent unpaid work interruptions and the associated expectation for future lo
1214	"Instability.....mandated non-paid furloughs for management twice per year; mandatory 60 hour work weeks for factory workers; result: insecurity, financially and emotionally. changed suppliers to one t"
1215	Good people and working conditions Lack of strategic goals and long term vision.
1216	Most Engineers in department have many years experience which makes it difficult to relate & communicate. Layoffs are too common and furloughs are required depending on status of Aerospace finances.
1217	Good people to work with. Lots of layoffs and instability in some business units.
1218	"Unlimited vacation, flexible hours, great culture etc Furlough, no bonus structure for levels below manager"
1219	"Multiple Furloughs, Layoffs (RIF's), Reduction in benefits, So much change (recent re-org) in management, Seems to be no loyalty to employees and retain talent/knowledge, very low company morale."
1220	Short term financial focus is driving bad behaviors in leadership - saw situtations where layoffs were required dues to financials and right after the end of the quarter sites were scrambling to fill
1221	"Cut headcount to unsustainable levels drive employees to continuously do more and more (now driving for 35% overtime) negative culture and moral from top down. Employees are viewed as disposable, Seas"
1222	"Good exposure to new technologiesExcellent work life balanceCompetitive pay Depending on the business unit, sometimes career shift becomes difficult."
1223	"Working for Honeywell has been like going to war, you hate the war and you want to leave but you feel that you're doing a job that's meaningful and you don't want to leave your men behind, you feel ne"
1224	no job security at all. No permanent job openings available to temps working at the company for years. No benefits and pay is okay but could be better.
1225	Professional environmentGood work balanceGood opportunity to grow There is nothing significant to mention
1226	The company is very safety concoius401K match Salary compared to other companies.BenefitsMoral
1227	"Benefits stink. High deductible insurance policy with HSA, 401K after 1 year of employment, very little time off for new employees.Company lacks the value of time management skills for their employees"
1228	Good growth oppurtunities and work culture No remote policy. And low pay
1229	"2 raises in 7 years and those were a pathetic 2%!!! Furloughs, layoffs, management turnover is incredible, because they just keep forcing them into early retirement if they can't improve sales and gro"
1230	The leadership is tanking this company. I never knew this level of low morale was even possible. Most attribute it to the insatiable greed of the outgoing CEO. He is trying to ensure his retirement co
1231	Was a good company at one time continual squeezing of employees. Offshoring work
1232	Everyday is a new job...always something different. Loving the concept of NOT being routine... Too many chiefs not enough Indians...worried about layoffs
1233	"Interesting work and reasonable Manager. Corporate Benefits, furloughs, changes to policy. Vacation increase after 5 years."
1234	company is too focused on pleasing Wall Street and is loosing talent as it doesn't take care of people. Dreams of being a software company but too much politics and layers to be able to make quick dec
1235	"I can't think of any Furloughs, layoffs, removed ability to work from home, no dental coverage, no perks. Most boring atmosphere. No collaboration no one accountable for anything."
1236	Established Global Leader in Aerospace products Process Heavy and metrics driven
1237	Many career optionsGreat position in the industryAdapting to IoT faster than others Too many senior management layersDecision making within the teams take longer than it should
1238	"You are nothing but a number. It took over a year to get to new hire orientation, and in that year I went through three managers. The first two never even had time to give me the time of day, the thir"
1239	"Solid company in its industry, with good products. Does not cater to the employees. Every year less privileges. Hard to advance."
1240	"In a 2-year period, several key positions left Honeywell-Norcross including the Site Leader, Safety Manager, HR Director, Quality Manager, HOS Leader, and Materials Manager. So what's wrong? Top Leade"
1241	"Constant layoffs, furloughs make environment very toxic. Lots of rumors and gosip make it hard to work because unfortunate they become true eventually. I would stay away from this company unless you h"
1242	Company is very concerned about the bottom line to the detriment of employees. Large variances in salaries for same jobs. Reliance of contract hires with reluctance to hire or convert employees to per
1243	Upper/executive management is clueless in regards to what's important to employees and often delivers tone deaf messages and mandates to the working staff. Employees feel unvalued due to recent losses
1244	"Multiple reorganizations in the time that I was there, direct management often off-site and not very communicative. Too many people in upper management that don't assist smaller facilities in meeting"
1245	Great Development Leadership program was offered right after graduation Lots of competition for promotions
1246	Great Pay and Benefits! Great team of fellow technicians! They invest in their employees but once life changes effect an employee they are quick to terminate without help!
1247	"I've never worked for a company that provides very minimal amount of training. Vendors would rarely come in to train, if they came in it was to meet a ""visit quota"" and leave very shortly after droppi"
1248	"No job security , non merit increaseBenefits in decline, no future, no direction from top managementsNo over time for the extra hoursHard to meet dealines"
1249	Demanding hoursPay scale was not commensurate with work or market standardsVery political environment- too much time spent looking for next job or protecting current job due to realignments/reorgs/lay
1250	"I worked in Supply Chain Management at HON's Tempe, AZ site. High stress. No matter how much you do, it's never enough. We abused suppliers, squeezed every dime from them. Management makes unreasonabl"
1251	"Health plan - high deductible, high premium plansJob securityFurloughs""Unlimited"" vacation policy - managers can approve or reject vacation requests due to ""business needs"", no protection for employee"
1252	Benefits not the greatest. Corporate hides a lot. No communication of why certain decisions are being made. We are losing a lot of very good young engineers due to corporate decision and lack of expla
1253	Actively reducing US census. More interested in reducing cost than providing a quality product. They live quarter to quarter. Actively reducing workforce (RIFs). Periodic furloughs.
1254	"Stable work hours, fair supervisors and a good culture of co-workers Consistently understaffed and regular temporary transfers between prepositioned ships where the work was behind"
1255	"Good Technical work - home automation, etc Low salary, no bonus, terrible health insurance. Non-Technical first level management."
1256	
1257	"Good people. Nice corporate Structure. Travel, a little inflexible with some processes"
1258	They have been cutting back and have a Lack of resources for all departments causing long hours and project delays which will affect morale.
1259	Salary is pretty decent overall Poor Medical BenefitsPoor Time/Family BalanceExtremely Poor Management
1260	Depleting Benefits (annually)Work Life balance horribleLeadership changes constantlyHired under a Work@Home and they suddenly remove it and force you to commuteForcing retirement of long term loyal em
1261	"70% of the current business in in low growth on no growth Industries due to the economic climate, 70% of the current business in in low growth"
1262	"Several years of reorganizations, furloughs, layoffs, and managements refusal to fill key positions have negatively impacted the company's once strong culture. Employees all over the U.S. have been fo"
1263	"Upper management had poor planning for future work. The benefits are being severely reduced and raises are pathetic. The company continues to blame the economy, while at the same time making huge prof"
1264	Too many to list them. A million organizational problems. All surround decentralized operations. Onboarding was horrendous. Hiring processes are out of sync with market. Company is still doing things
1265	Low payConstant threat of layoffsBenefit cutsExpensive health insuranceCEO pay and bonus seems unlimited while workers suffer
1266	"Upper management is a joke! There is an extremely high turnover rate of cell leaders, but what do you expect when salary people are expected to take a week off without pay once every quarter. The heal"
1267	"Very little job security, more and more ""benefits"" taken away, poor management, tons of busy work and red tape, make no effort to treat employees well, Performance and Development system is a joke"
1268	Political at times. Lot of alcoholics it seems. Good old boy network. Too much paperwork and training. More work time less web crap to fill out.
1269	"Benefits weren't made known clearly enough. Depending on circumstances of projects, it can either be to your liking or not."
1270	The telecommuting agreements changes during 2016 limiting the use of it and limited recognitions to employee efforts and the work force reduction done during 2016.
1271	Very spotty career paths with US workforce being constantly reduced. Severe lack of positive re-enforcement. Poor Job stability. Support workforce teams are highly disjointed which basically eliminate
1272	Last January I had 25 days of vacation to use when I chose. This year I have zero. If my supervisor feels like rewarding me -and provided the company gives him a budget to pay me - I may be able to ge
1273	"terrible place to work.....no job advancement, low pay. no raises, the management team could care less about there people....I have been here 10 years and dread waking up for work every morning"
1274	"performance culture, operational execution, financial performance Benefits, shift to a contingent worker workforce model, transition of leadership team"
1275	decent pay and great coworkers bad benefits and low employee worth
1276	"If you are here, find a new company Do not come here if you are smart"
1277	"Worst company to work for. Ever. Horrible environment, terrible leadership, no respect for employees. No benefits or appreciation for anything employees do. Furloughs, no raises, terrible bonus. Very"
1278	Direct management is top notch upper level management is terrible
1279	As of now there are none There is no more flexibility.
1280	It's a job.....use to be a great company Everyone pays for the error of one person
1281	Good team membersCareer opportunities within divisions Unsure about the future with current management style
1282	"No working from home anymore, even for workers that were full time remote but you must drive in to some random office. It's CONTINUOUS lay offs, pay cuts, no raises, benefit cuts... I mean continuous!"
1283	Dave Cote strip mines the businesses and employees to make the numbers each quarter. No raises in 2 years and furloughs which resulted in a reduction in pay. Keep in mind this is taking place while th
1284	"Worked at a plant, which was difficult on my sinuses. It was only a contract job, so it only lasted a short time."
1285	Big co with many products and industry leader with changes Aggressive management is detrimental to employee moral
1286	Tuition Reimbursement. Good Networking events Constant leadership changes/ restructure. Furloughs
1287	"50+ hours a week expected (more before/after furlough weeks), week long furloughs, quarterly layoffs, out of touch management. Eliminated the ability to work from home to encourage collaboration (90%"
1288	"Unfortunately for me, the opportunities to continue to work at a great company was cut short due to their unwillingness to allow for remote work/telecommuting--even though many of the projects that I"
1289	Benefits keep getting worst year over year. Constant threat of your job being outsources and new furloughs. The company is trying to get employees to believe working for Honeywell is a privilege and o
1290	"They seem to follow the motto of ""do more with less"" because it seems to be about making stockholders happy."
1291	"good training, pay is good high insurance costs, keeps increasing"
1292	"good pay and benefits, good atmosphere lots of walking, and high rate target"
1293	"Early hours, weekends free. early hours, and long drives to the jobsite sometimes."
1294	Lacks one-ness throughout the company. Primary sources of division continue to undermine it's target employees and positions. Like knowing you have a cancer but you are afraid of addressing it at the
1295	Where to start? Possibly the worst engineering company you could ever work for.Expect to see furloughs on a periodic basis while the CEO gets record bonuses for record profits. Expect to be overworked
1296	Honeywell has some great People. Overall positive experience. I would recommend. Salary was less than competitive.
1297	Onboarding is non existent. Benefits are horribly expensive for such a large co. No remote working policy is very last century and restrictive. Not risk takers.
1298	Site is experiencing major job shrinkage and the employee moral is quite low at this moment. The company seems more interested in moving jobs overseas than working to expand business in the U.S.
1299	"The people are great and extremely helpful. The Industry is extremely addictive and fun to learn about. Unfortunately, Honeywell keeps taking benefits away and does not have competitive salaries."
1300	Offers many career paths and job opportunities. Values shareholder return over people.
1301	Typical Corporation mentality rewarding only stockholders & UPPER management. ALWAYS looking to cut labor costs (including benefits). OUTSOURCING seems the new profit center (often at a cost to the cu
1302	Used to be a great place to work The healthcare plan is awful. They nickle and dime you for everything
1303	"lots of diverse projects to work they treat people like equipment, discard when done"
1304	"Took away work from home (used to be a big benefit), took away allocated vacation time (now ""unlimited"" with manager approval), no raises in years, continue to layoff employees and ask others to pick"
1305	Sometimes we might have to work with legacy code which could be old without much documentation
1306	Was a great company Everything has changed. Seem to be all about the money.
1307	Lots of them. Morale is very low and getting lower for those in the lower ranks. I've been at Honeywell just over a year and am facing my fourth unpaid furlough. Didn't get the raise I was promised at
1308	"Benefits are not competitive, a million approvals for everything, normal corporate politics"
1309	Leadership is currently leading without a clear defined plan which is causing a lot of insecurity and chaos. Leadership is perceived as untrustworthy.
1310	FurloughsNo merit increases last last few yearsRIFsTop heavyOverburdened with processes and no elimination of duplicate/redundant reports and deliverables
1311	"Too many processes that stand in the way of actually delivering.Forced furloughs, lay offs, bonuses, retirement and medical benefits cut. While senior leadership continues to have half million dollar"
1312	Company run by HR and metrics. The combined effect was a deviation from original Engineering company into a company driven by perception
1313	Trying to rebuild. Going from a cost cutting and money saving organization to growing the business more. Hired a lot of sales people but furloughed or encouraged others to retire. Remote working is di
1314	"Poor benefits, minimal if any merit increases, last minute furlough notification, knee jerk reactions to conditions instead of mid to long term considerations."
1315	"Management continues to chase short-term dollars in a myopic exercise to increase shareholder value. In the process, they continually overwork and push employees to deliver with no reward. As a thank"
1316	"Honeywell is process driven to an excess - gets bogged down with a lot of corporate baggage, i.e. check box type reporting. Internal product support is cumbersome, slow, and difficult. Sales teams are"
1317	Very Nice place to work Contract was to short. was supposed to last at least six months.
1318	Able to do a flexible schedule; Most employees are dedicated and great to work with. Some of the executive leaders could be better. No real career growth.
1319	"Benefits weren't that great, Typical high deductible benefits costs. Management can set unrealistic expectations and hold strict accountability. Furloughs are rough."
1320	There a quite a few individuals now at the directors level who I do not think deserve to be there and in all likelihood there to fulfill a quota requirement...which is sad as they still need to mature
1321	"Constant worry about layoffs; unpaid furloughs; very costly insurance benefits; no raises or bonuses; backwards thinking management; no dental; no acrued vacation, only 56 hours a year pto no matter h"
1322	Poor and inadequate communication by leadershipLeadership indecisivenessLeadership too much into detail; perceived lack of trust in employeesSignificantly reduced benefits; layoffs; furloughs all to m
1323	"Lots of travel, good corporate discounts, a lot of autonomy. Technically part time so can be without work for several weeks at a time."
1324	"The pay for newer technicians (<10 years) is extremely below the market pay scales. There are no longer pension plans, 401K match is a pathetic .375% match up to 8% of you contributions for the first"
1325	Does not care about its employees. The benefits compared to other companies of the same industry is one of the worse.
1326	Leadership is out of touchTalks the right things but no follow throughNo vision past current quarterVery bad benefitsPay is 10% under market... and they know it
1327	Advancement into jobs above Sr. Engineer difficult. Benefits decreasing year over year. Negative work environment due to employee dissatisfaction.
1328	"Great people, most everyone was very supportive and helpful. Upper management and the HR dept."
1329	Did not really have much cons to say about Honeywell. Sometimes there was too much non value added activities going on.
1330	The company is generally out of touch with its employees. Leadership in the company doesn't appear to value their employees and view them only as a number. They value shareholders over employees. Poor
1331	"Hostile work environmentHigh insurance costsLacks opportunitiesWhile corporate says people are their highest priority, the ""people"" do not feel they are respected or needed"
1332	"Management demands more productivity with less resources, funding, and schedule. 60 hour weeks are the norm and expected. Product quality is poor and requirements appear to be optional for mission cri"
1333	"Horrible corporate mentality. Profits are first, followed by hardware, followed by manager's bonuses, followed by investment on emerging markets. People are not viewed as an asset rather a commodity a"
1334	Continued attack on costs most often comes at the expense of the employee benefits. Manangement is almost exclusively shareholder centric.
1335	not sure what to say They do not value their employees
1336	"Mostly good, respectable people to work with. Poor work environment,old buildings, unhealthy, bad morale."
1337	"This used to be a great place to work until around 3 years ago, used to have great benefits Losing jobs fast. Selling off Aerospace quickly. Selling manufacturing to Canadian companies"
1338	"Honeywell is powered by Corporate Greed. They have a notorious reputation for offering very poor union contracts to their unionized plants. When these contracts are rejected, they kick their employees"
1339	Large company. With many opportunities Terrible culture. Which means low morale
1340	"That particular business was sold to an off-shore holding company, and the lab. was disbanded."
1341	"This is just the wrong time to be in Aerospace all together. This year alone they have done 2 rounds of layoff, and a 3rd is in the works now. We gone through 2 rounds of weekly furloughs as well. Now"
1342	"In the 18 months or so I've worked here, there have been 4 furloughs, 3 layoffs, a decision for no raises, increased health insurance with reduced coverage, and a new ban on working remotely. They've"
1343	Very Cheap Company. Cheapest I have ever worked at. Low Salary; No Raise for all; Layoffs; They set you up to fail; Most people quit; People don't even look at you when you pass them by in the hallway
1344	Leadership team and structure transitions every 1-2 years. New initiatives which require culture change are continually being rolled out. The constant upheavals are exhausting. Difficult to deploy gre
1345	"The company I worked for in WA state was acquired by Honeywell in 2013. The division of Honeywell that I worked in does a poor job of making employees feel like they are valued contributors, and the d"
1346	"work and life balance, reasonable payment, safe working environment too many meetings but no enough actions to follow the meeting minutes"
1347	"Good people to work with, fair salary, decent facilities Poor Benefits, long hours, management"
1348	"The leadership team does not support the employees. Many in the rank and file at Honeywell consider the leadership team's order of precedence to be (starting with most important): self, shareholders,"
1349	The cons are that is difficult to increase your salary and promotion. You have to jump to another department to get a promotion.
1350	"Working for or with Honeywell is a detriment to your health. Honeywell makes its money on acquisitions - they buy up profitable companies, consolidate and outsource jobs, steal their technologies, mov"
1351	A large corporation so lots of opportunities to move around to other positions Has been around for years so some approaches and processes could use a refresh to stay current
1352	"Good People, Huge company, Great food Nothing much all great.....overall good"
1353	"no perks, health insurance cost rise every year, they dropped dental for next year. furloughs,merit freezes, and reduction in force despite company growth and gangbuster stock price. eliminated teleco"
1354	Honeywell is a very conservative company. They are not risk adverse and can sometimes become a little stifling.
1355	"Good place to gain technical experience. lot of opportunity to learn new technology and grow inside the company paid are not competitive . periodic layoff, forlorn and salary freeze"
1356	Hi Tech ProductsGreat CustomersLegacy of great products ManagementLack of ProcessLack of QualityPoor Morale
1357	Learn world class systems and tools Not very focused on people
1358	"First learning opportunityLearning opportunityFriendly coworker Business managementNot specified tasks. (Lots of extra work, Waste)Health benefitFurloughNo cash bonus"
1359	"The corporate culture is terrible right now. I've heard from older coworkers that Honeywell was once a great place to work. Now they're having furloughs and layoffs left and right, taking away benefit"
1360	Great team environment that allows you to grow. The worry of a looming furlough every quarter is not a good thing. YTD almost 5% of my salary lost to furlough activities.
1361	The corporation doesn't seem to care about it's employees. Benefits are horrible. Took away the opportunity to work from home. No raise in almost two years.
1362	"Job stability and peace of mind. 9-5 type of job No overtime, tend to get bored doing the same thing everyday"
1363	Great people in the trenches. Good place to make position changes and lateral moves You come to realize you are valued like a machine or piece of equipment that is worn down and replaced
1364	"Shrinking benefits. Constant fear of furloughs, RIFS, wage freezes. Little opportunity for continuous education. Worklife balance is poor."
1365	"Working with global resources that often required late night meetings.Multiple layoffs and furloughs since I started working there, that eventually impacted me in the end.Average Benefits with little"
1366	great company great trainingb and many more much changes all day in benefits and salaires
1367	"Upper management has been systematically removing all perks of the job. No more work from home, no more raises, even higher cost on the already outrageous health insurance. They want to attract top ta"
1368	"Brand recognition. Access to a broad knowledge database. Large workforce and networking capacity. Declining benefits, Push to move talent and skills out of US into China and other low cost regions."
1369	"When push came to shove they stuck with ""its the Honeywell way."" SO bad processes kept being bad processes. No one was willing to make anyone uncomfortable in the name of progress."
1370	Company subject to aerospace market fluctuations for business.
1371	Low Pay IncreasesVery Limited Educational Benefits (High Performers Only)Health Benefits continually decreaseVery High Deductible Health PlanNo HSA Company ContributionVirtually no Dental insurance co
1372	Good pay. Great people. No flexible work hours anymore have killed the remaining motivation employees were able to muster after slowly getting all perks and benefits pulled from them.
1373	Benefits are decent compared to other companies Furloughs and layoffs are to be expected.
1374	A big company with big company processes that can be quite stifling and cumbersome. has proven itself to be somewhat vulnerable to market downturns. Furloughs and layoffs have been occurring with some
1375	Well - pretty much everything. Management is where it starts and management is where it ends. It's pathetic.
1376	"Lower management usually works towards, must fill this out later Unless you are in upper management you will bear the brunt, must fill this out later"
1377	Executive management has no clue what they are doing. 3 restructures in 2 years and they keep on squeezing everyone to do more work with less.
1378	Large enough company with ability to move around in roles. Current economy and business decisions are weighing heavy on employee moral and culture.
1379	"Aerospace contracts come and go - That's the nature of the business. Government contracts do not always allow you to work in an agile environment, or with the latest tools and software. It may be diff"
1380	Stable Employment and good workforce. No raises; very poor Health Ins Plan; a complacent leadership with no vision and effective marketing strategies; a grossly overpaid CEO.
1381	Fun products to work on and interesting technology. Micro managed from the top. Focused on operational costs and not strategic planning.
1382	"Bad medical insurance, very high deductible and by January of 2017 employee will be responsible for full cost of dental insurance."
1383	"Culture of work hard, work hard. Not much work life balance and company continually increases responsibility without increasing compensation. Benefit and head count reductions year over year."
1384	"Honeywell used to be a great company, but it all changed after the merger with Allied Signal in 1999.Work environment is completely unstable (in the past year there were 2 major re-orgs and 5 layoffs)"
1385	"Furloughs, layoffs, reduced benefits, no raises, reduced bonus, forced unpaid overtime, rampant corporate greed, impossible yield goals - what's not to like?"
1386	"Great management, very professional. Friendly co worker Small room to grow. Repeatative job"
1387	Compensation is at industry standard. Business outlook and the leadership reaction is creating a negative culture.
1388	"Hostile work environment, aggressive HR to keep turn over rate high, poor raises (1 - 2%), management out of touch with employees, understaffed programs forces mandatory overtime. Dave Cote."
1389	"-The company, especially Aerospace, is financially struggling and has announced several furloughs and layoffs every quarter of 2016-Doesn't allow employees to work from home regularly because they pla"
1390	"Close to home and convenient. Low pay, furloughs, less and less benefits."
1391	I've been here for 10 years and have seen the benefits deteriorate almost to nothing. This is a lesson to the youngsters to demand things that they may not be aware of. This is what I had when I start
1392	"People are treated like cattle; benefits are 2nd rate at best; there is no heart at Honeywell. While employed there, my husband died in a tragic accident. The company did nothing to acknowledge the tr"
1393	You are just a number to the company. The pay could certainly be more competitive. You are working with and around people that could go to work for a different company and make more money. That's why
1394	"Job Security, National Security, good work-life balance Benefits get worse every year"
1395	"Great work environment, clean and straight slow in the winter, not too much over time"
1396	Poor benefits.Poor working conditionsHoneywell is moving jobs overseas.No training budgets or support for involvement with professional organizations
1397	Anyone who started with UOP has an axe to grind with Honeywell. Any attorneys sent from Honeywell in MN to work for UOP are the rejects with their own axe to grind. Run as fast as you can.
1398	"Benefits, Benefit, Benefits - the company used to have great benefits. My family is now on my wife's benefits because the Honeywell benefits are too costly. As an employee only I still pay over $6000"
1399	Health Insurance is expensive and they have gotten rid of their pensions.
1400	"I was hired as a remote worker, and accepted the job based on the work from home policy. The company has recently revoked this policy for all workers for no reason. Many of us work globally via Skype,"
1401	The benefits are horrible and the company seems to only care about immediate results not long term success. Furloughs and layoffs galore.
1402	"However, executive leadership does not care for the employees. Market is down and hard decisions need to be made, however, leadership does not think of the team when making these decisions. They give"
1403	Benefits are declining yearly. Pending RIF's and furloughs hard to take when you have one every quarter. Not competitive in the Aero market anymore.
1404	"Layoffs, furloughs, no more working from home, terrible management decisions, no pay raises for several consecutive years. It's clear that the company management only cares about profits and stock pri"
1405	they are hiring mainly h-1b from india for bottom dollarpoor paypoor benefitsmediocre management
1406	"The culture is very unproductive and very discouraging. We are managed by people who have no connection to the product or to the customer, and that seems to be intentional. Management is especially de"
1407	"Upper management removed telecommuting, one of the only nice perks of working in Honeywell.The explanation behind it feels more like an excuse.Benefits are bad overall and they keep going worse."
1408	Poor business reputation within Colorado Springs area. Unpleasant place to work due to managers that often act poorly.
1409	"Regardless of work ethic, there is a strong sense of exclusion if you aren't ""friends"" with the right people. I felt under-valued, under-appreciated, not trusted, under-involved and under challenged."
1410	Benefits are dwindlingBig company means lots of layers to work through
1411	"Large slow moving company. If you live in China or India you will be very happy here. Otherwise, look for no raises, reduced benefits and managers that move around every few years changing the policie"
1412	"Global company; opportunities for growth Poor benefits, lack of understanding of today's workforce needs, low salaries, poor communication with employees"
1413	"poor salary scale, very poor side benefits. There are furloughs (two one-week furloughs this year, and another one coming in december). Skipped salary increases this year."
1414	Benefits are substandard. Next year they will no longer offer Dental coverage. Lots of turmoil and a lack of direction.
1415	"Great brand name and promise Expensive benefits, poor morale, cutting costs (people) to meet earnings projections...what else can I say?"
1416	"While the stock prices rise, and the CEO rakes in over $20M, Honeywell Aerospace employees did not receive raises in 2016. Further, nearly all non-manufacturing employees had to take 2 weeks of unpaid"
1417	The people and the products They have no clue what kind of company they want to be
1418	"Bureaucracy. Resistance to change defended by ""that's not the process"". It takes too long to halt work on business cases that non longer make sense."
1419	The work enviroment is excellent.The business facilities are located in the best place of the city There is not enough parking slots to park your vehicle
1420	"Stability, Good Co-workers, Room for Advancement Health Benefits, Periodic Layoffs"
1421	Great people to work with! Benefits keep being reduced compared to rest of industry
1422	The people are great to work with. Aerospace business is losing benefits
1423	Good hands on work experience. Lack of resources and training.
1424	Honeywell purchase of Intermec Technologies created management chaos. Lots of regular layoffs in all locations. New product development being relocated to cheaper labor countries.
1425	Assume you will go to space where the engineers blame you for everything. They are to lazy to give you a process you can build too. Everyone is spying on each other and the management there takes he s
1426	Good Product Base - legacy products perform well Top heavy with management and directors
1427	"Friendly co workers, great management, very understanding and helpful, work from home Not very exciting office environment"
1428	"Lots of training, lots of interaction with other interns, gave chances for visibility with upper management. Old Building, no windows and not many places to eat lunch in close proximity."
1429	"Corporate initiatives are one size fits all regardless of need.Financial incentives (raises, 401k, and bonuses) are can be greatly reduced at the corporate level regardless of individual achievement."
1430	Employees (generally) are really good people. Benefits - very expensive; Cigna difficult to work withSalary is lower than averageSlow to Change anythingNo work from Home (as of 10/2016)
1431	A large company with various job options. For the past several years there has been a significant and steady decrease in the appreciation/investment in employees.
1432	Benefits and pay are close to the lower end of the spectrum for a fortune 100 company. A lot of upper management changes creates constant changes to strategies and objectives. Implementations of proce
1433	Exposure to new technology Poor work cultureLittle to no training
1434	"Culture, People, Upward mobility, Real world learning Fast-paced environment (swim or drown)"
1435	"Career growth and path. Fantastic job security working for a large company with an emphasis on growth and market capture. Large company which comes with processes, mostly to protect employees."
1436	Small group under large corporation Limited personal challenge oportunity and creativity
1437	Honeywell Aerospace has lost its focus in the last year. Their focus used to be on the customer and now it is on bonus' for the upper Aerospace management.
1438	"The only Pros are in the past. The company has become cut throat. One word.... the CEO, Dave Cote, has targeted senior staff in the pursuit of the all mighty dollar. He is despicable."
1439	"Profitable, free and friendly atmosphere Poor benefits, low salaries, high expectations for salary"
1440	Strong brand opens doors. Pension and 401k match. Rigid and very risk averse. Lacks flexibility and creative control.
1441	Position didn't require extensive travel Didn't care for the job atmosphere
1442	Work on small team with great manager. No employees received raises this year (2016)
1443	Lot of learning and meet new people actually there ara no cons
1444	"Good life and work balance short term vision, next quarter"
1445	No more remote working. No promotions or raises. They do reviews on a bell curve so someone is always getting shafted. Morale is really bad.
1446	All stick - no carrot mentalityHorrible healthcare - no dentalhorrible politicsNo agility / flexibilityEGOS abound - start at the top; it's a rarity to find a decent manager.Salaries below average
1447	terrible benefit package; inhuman regard for employees -- you are just a number and can be RIF'd at any time despite your good performance
1448	"salary and the good name it used to have ceo, layoffs, furlough and benefit reductions"
1449	"Always busy always opportunities for overtime Scheduled overtime, no care about how you're doing. Zero training"
1450	"Good Benefits, 401K & work-life balance Not much options to choose for Health Care plan"
1451	"nice people, good environment to work trust the employees to get the job done"
1452	Honeywell Aerospace has focused on cost and process to the detriment of growth. It also has far too many initiatives stretching it far too lean and leading to poor execution.
1453	"aerospace is slow in term of getting new devices onto airplane, so all the project rely on big amount of certification permission. rapid changes do not occur in this environment"
1454	"*Honeywell has gotten to big, in that, they will get what they want 100% of the time. If your on the salary side, Honeywell pretty much eats their own.*$6800.00 premium on a family healthcare plan wit"
1455	"Benefits are continuously being reduced. Layoffs and random unpaid week long furloughs occur, even as the company spends $2.5 B buying up other companies, spends $1.9B buying up their own stock, and b"
1456	"What was once a super company to work in now just a stepping stone. Benefits are poor, pay raises are few and far between. Heavy OT and no recognition. If you do not have connections do not work here,"
1457	"It can be very demanding. Work life balance is not always the best, Some of its offices are not exactly in the ideal locations"
1458	"People are nothing more then numbers on a spreadsheet, expectation is you are available to work 24/7 with low merit increases and often salary freezes. All the while the CEO takes multi million dollar"
1459	"Good place to work, competent high level management Outsourcing many jobs to developing market areas"
1460	"Overworked, 14 hr days, Sr. leadership is only out for stock holders not employees, multiple furloughs and layoffs for those over 50 who have been with co over 10 yrs."
1461	I work with some good people and the work we do is important at Honeywell FM&T. Health care plan is getting worse and worse every year.
1462	Good benefits and good pay Away from family too much
1463	Aerospace division is significantly hurting. Business is extremely slow and the management is taking away from employees to meet their annual numbers.The company has cut the 2016 salary down by 10% al
1464	Lots of different challenges and tasks Management is always changing from year to year
1465	"Very corporate structure, and time keeping system used for the whole company was not well suited for the fluctuation in work load in my department."
1466	"Upper management does not care about employees. They say employees are the ultimate differentiation, yet they don't focus on their needs. To them, revenue and the bottom line is the ultimate different"
1467	yes they pay very well they pay well making it hard to leave
1468	"pay below market, systems issues, lack of decision making by the leadership team, no merit two years in row, and expecting the same in 2017"
1469	Management encrages for skill improvement Salary and other benefits are lower than the market
1470	"Very heavy handed shift away from flexible work arrangements. In a nutshell, management has decided to suddenly announce a company wide cancellation of any remote work scenarios with almost no excepti"
1471	Compensation. Opportunity for advancement. US based employees top notch. Long hours. More and more off-shoring of jobs.
1472	For me this company only downsides is that takes long time for hire. Sometimes the people want to hire them after 30 days
1473	"There is a decided effort to shift engineering jobs to ""emerging regions"", which is management speak for ""low cost"". As engineers have quit, their positions get shifted to China or India. It doesn't m"
1474	Large cap company that can sometimes be too big to manage; increasing appetite for moving jobs off shore creating instability in the workforce & thereby morale; women in the workforce in low (has impr
1475	The benefits are horrendous for such a large company that should have significant leverage. Benefits are cut year after year. Recently remote work was banned from the CEO level. Honeywell is trying to
1476	"The people at Honeywell is so nice and work like team no, none. I feel very well in this place"
1477	"Constant reorganization that never settles, followed by yet another reorganization. Constant consolidation with newly acquired companies, causing constant chaos. Managers who only manage their own car"
1478	"Job security (lay-offs, furloughs)Investment in people and facilities (old facilities, promotions)Health plan"
1479	"Furloughs, sometimes they take away any merit increase, slowly declining healthcare, difficult to do a direct promotion so people switch around jobs internally a lot and it creates discontinuities in"
1480	"Some of the worst health benefits I've ever seen. Mandatory biometric screening each fall to prove you don't smoke, aren't obese, etc. or you incur $$"
1481	Layoffs and furloughs are constant. No career paths. Morale is gone. IT function has so many controls in place you do nothing but fight through red tape. Starting a new project takes six months. Getti
1482	"Great pay, good people and interesting work. Failing to adapt to the markets they serve."
1483	The benefits are a joke- the healthcare is astronomically expensive and there's no company match.It takes years before you get any additional vacation time added (5 years until you get an additional w
1484	"Overall the company does not respect it's employees and is creating environment so employees leave. 3 weeks of furloughs, no pay raise 2 of 4 years, multiple layoffs within a single year. Very poor an"
1485	Stock price great trajectoryFlexibilityVirtual environment lack of trust in GV leadershipbenefits below industry standard
1486	"Even if not an engineer, you can ask questions to help understand technical aspects from engineers who gladly come to your aid. Once you leave they typically don't rehire leaving past in the past."
1487	Honeywell helped me grow professionally . I learned a lot from a lot of great leaders . Lots of growth opportunity and great pay A lot of fluctuations with the market in aerospace .
1488	40 hr work week. Average salary 12-hour time-zone difference with many teammates.
1489	Stable work environment in all aspects - good place to work most of the time - sometimes not Moving up hard - management out of touch - too much expected of you - pay way to low and no raises
1490	"Horrible benefits, furloughs, no longer able to WFH or have flexible schedules so work/life balance is poor, facility is run down and full of asbestos, no one knows who does what or how to get problem"
1491	- expectation to move into new roles every 18 months- results oriented culture- global footprint provides diverse environment
1492	Great company and a world presence. Management distracted by too many meetings and too much travel.
1493	There are none good things that I can say about this place. A job from hell is all I can say about this place.
1494	"Good systems, tools, processes...that said, it seems there is an expert process, tool, system, website, team for everything.....to a fault. Unfortunately..there is a functional expert in charge of of"
1495	"During my <2 years as an employee there were 3, week long unpaid furloughs, followed by layoffs. The last of which I was affected by and was let go."
1496	The shareholders' interests are top priority for Honeywell. Shareholders have zero interest in employee well-being; this is detrimental to the culture at Honeywell and therefore employee morale.
1497	
1498	"If you like overtime. this is the place Direct manager was inapt, had no people skills. Poor morale."
1499	"Constant layoffs, deteriorating benefits, toxic work environment. More and more work content being sent overseas. Honeywell is really an Asian company with a headquarters in the US."
1500	Good continuous improvement culture at all levels Not any ... treated me very well with alot of upward mobility
1501	"Very good working environment, very good people to work with Lack of job stability, lack of projects funding"
1502	Good salaryFinancially stableDecent work life balance Too many layers of bureaucracyPoor health coverage
1503	Does not provide stock incentive plans. Work life balance leans more towards work and on time performance and tight schedule delivery.
1504	"Because it is a global organization, Honeywell expects you to work around the clock. They do not hire engineers in North America because they would provide you with resources from countries such as In"
1505	Highly talented individual contributors and front line managersSmart regarding certain business decisions (global categories) Several furloughs/layoff in last 9 monthsInsurance is High Deductible plan
1506	Good career advancement for hard workers. Multi-industry allows for many different experiences. Frequent reorganizations. Healthcare plan expensive and has low benefits.
1507	"The company is going through a major re-org and they are letting people go, forcing employees to take furloughs, some people forced in to retirement and the benefits are becoming non-existant."
1508	An industry that is difficult to change and modernize. Retiring workforce without new engineers to maintain or improve the product.
1509	"Dave ""take the shoes off my kids feet"" Cote will do anything to his employees to make the bottom line and pad his own pockets. I hear he may be leaving soon. About 5 years ago, he set out his goal to"
1510	"Different business,worldwide prescenceGood profesionall long hours with no recognition.Management accused you for they mistakes, no team spirit"
1511	Constant Reductions in Force. Too many furloughs. Elimination of working supervisor positions. Products are transitioned overseas. Reorganizations created heavy top layer and small functional working
1512	Tough work environment with unreasonable project schedules. No time is allowed for the unforeseen. Schedule is king although management insists it is technical excellence.
1513	"- Poor communication from the corporate office, never ""in the know"" when needed- Some employees take advantage of their salaried position by taking excessive time off- Some disconnection between depar"
1514	Re-orgs after re-orgs once one was done you could set an egg timer for the next. Ability to work from home can eat away at work/life balance.
1515	No telecommuting--because the CEO's feelings were hurt one day. Bonuses cut in half. No raises. 3 furloughs already in 2016 with more to come. 2 RIFs. Active discrimination against older persons and w
1516	"Great reputation, people and location No permanent positions available after 2 years"
1517	"-Used to have great products, those are going down because of the moral damage that has been done.- 3 weeks unpaid time off YTD, rumor of more to come.- Bonuses cut in half- Moral is horrible. I dread"
1518	Highly capable teams with lots of work to do. Coworkers are friendly constant restructuring going on right now. Tons of jobs in flux with no end in sight. Maybe things will settle down next year
1519	"Fast-Paced, multiple projects and international opportunities Mafia-like work environment, inexperienced, young department Leader"
1520	"No raises, bonus cut by 50%, no dental insurance, no longer allowed to telecommute even though we have calls all over the work making it impossible to conduct team mtg. Excessive over time, health ins"
1521	The benefits are awful and keep getting worse. Honeywell pioneered medical testing for its entire employee base annually. We have only sky high deductible plans for medical and nothing special in any
1522	The personal touch at Honeywell Aerospace is gone and employees are a number rather than an asset. In 2016 we have taken pay cuts and unpaid furlough week off every quarter. As people leave they do no
1523	The older engineers are stuck in their ways and resistant to change. Don't trust anyone in HR. They go looking for gossip and act on it before speaking to you. You must hold your own council. They are
1524	Great company building and delivering great solutions Global role has large demands on your work / home life balance. but its fun
1525	"Great 401K, benefits, clients and managers. Plenty of work to do (I like to stay busy) and fulfilling providing customer support. Contract Ended - difficult to find another with this company."
1526	Deplorable CEO and upper management (John Waldron is President and CEO of Honeywell's newly formed Safety and Productivity Solutions (SPS) business group)
1527	"Flexible to allow working remote Low compensation and poor medical insurance choices, only 2 weeks PTO/yr. No company contribution to 401K until after a year."
1528	"Great job, people and benefits They are always downsizing jobs"
1529	The onboarding process is horrible. They sent notifications to my Honeywell email which I couldn't access. They didn't even notify me as to how I could set up my direct deposit. I felt like I was pull
1530	Not very organized.Goals very hard to maintainHiring is done through temp services.No benefits at all.Could take up to three years before hired to the company full time.Constant travel.No assurance of
1531	good facilities etc etc etc bad managers etc etc etc
1532	Frustrations with management. Changes in my immediate manager and director occurred on an almost yearly basis. The training programs provided did not always pertain to what was need to do the job.
1533	The fundamentally good ideas in processes like Six Sigma are constantly misapplied and product quality is sacrificed in order to meet a schedule.
1534	"Company allows for some flexibility in schedule. With the recent work furloughs and layoffs, there is no job security. As a result, the employee morale is low. High deductible medical insurance."
1535	Good career growth. I was promoted 3 times in 6 years. High turn-over in upper management. 6 plant managers in 3 years.
1536	"Unstable in Golden Valley with jobs moving out of country. With hiring freezes, no raises in 2016, riffs, and layoffs, it is difficult right now. This is not how it has always been. There have been a"
1537	"The company, specifically the Sensing and Controls division, is fairly risk averse. Given the size of the company and the tendency to be risk averse, you can find the implantation of the projects to b"
1538	"Health insurance isn't very good.A lot of free overtime is expected from Salaried employeesVery lean workforce, so we constantly juggle multiple projectsSeveral furloughs and layoffs lately."
1539	"Established company, competitive pay, strong stock Growing disregard for its employees"
1540	Overall good company. Lots of different career options and opportunities Salaries increases but given the current economy it is understandable - for the moment.
1541	"That meant ignoring a screaming, lunatic of a boss (there were far too many but I rarely saw mine), her assistant who broke down in tears 1-3 times each week, the numerous extra-marital affairs with V"
1542	The programs are intense because the resources are constrained. There are layoffs and furloughs happening often.
1543	Salary On time. Alot of learning Do many matrix reportingTo many meeting
1544	lots of network and community Less work more reviews Doc
1545	"Easy to make friends there. Good money. If previous shift did not do their job, and you have to call it in, you will be fired."
1546	Anecdote: Upper management recognizes benefits of morale. Middle management then tasked with setting standard to measure morale - employees caring enough about the company to submit their own ideas fo
1547	Continuing education in technology advances in product releases. Employees are required to increase responsibilities with unofficial titles with little to no merit.
1548	Narrow functional focus reinforced by compensation plans which prevents efficiencies across groups. Lack of recognition of the importance of IT to the success of the organization as digital transforma
1549	Executive leadership running it into the ground. Leadership doesn't give you the resources to be successful. They make horrible decisions and then get promoted.
1550	"Used to be much better Health insurance has gotten expensive and deductibles are high, layoffs and furloughs are now commonplace, employees are not appreciated"
1551	Good work and life balance Business moves at a slower pace
1552	"You get a paycheck every two weeks. Employees are not treated well. Culture of ""watch your back"""
1553	Good working environment. Challenging projects. Personal Growth stagnant. Lax attitude on deliverables and deadlines.
1554	#ReductionInForce #RIF You cannot make up the stuff that goes in Honeywell. HON only cares about operating income and #shareholder value. #Layoffs are a norm. This place is a #circus. You are constant
1555	"A severe lack of communication with employees, high turnover rate. They keep contract worker on, up to 2 yrs without converting them into full time employees."
1556	"Lots of work! Running very lean on heads, gives a daily challenge. Health benefits are very poor."
1557	Great place to work... Very friendly people...comfortable campus setting.... Traffic leaving the parking lot is sometimes difficult to manuver....
1558	"They expect you to work a minimum of 44 hours with no additional compensation with most managers ""encouraging"" a minimum of 50. No raises for 3 years, furlough twice, no incentives for hard work. No u"
1559	"During my 3 years as an employee there were 3, week long unpaid furloughs, followed by layoffs. The last of which I was affected by and was let go. take work on sat sun and even on labour day without"
1560	Can work for days and days and days. you will work 24 hours a day.
1561	Work/Life balance is pretty good. Not much opportunity to develop a career
1562	Good company in general. Good salary and benefits. Bad supervisors in charge of admin staff.With all the admin turnovers there should be more attention paid at the performance of the supervisor.
1563	"No capital investment.Micromanagement raised to absurd levels.Poor pay. Terrible benefits. Inept upper management.The first things cut in ""hard times"" are employees. Next comes benefits. Management (w"
1564	"It was bad but is getting worse... Constantly reduce US employees and move jobs to overseas to cut cost. In addition, Salary reduction, forced unpaid leave, bad medical benefits,..."
1565	"Benefits cut year after year and cost increases every year; pay raises extremely low (if at all), bonuses permanently reduced for most managers, recurring work furloughs, and continuous reorganization"
1566	"Flexibility, they trust you as a professional, lot of development opportunities. Market is unstable and this creates lot of stress. Need to create more stability for the employees."
1567	Expensive health insurance with $3000 deductible.Relentless focus on removing US employees in Aerospace and placing overseas.Layoffs and furloughs with no annual raises are happening more frequently.L
1568	"Horrible management! Older workers are not appreciated, and are routinely targeted for termination. HR touts a 1% termination rate, but people are forced to retire. They are forced because the company"
1569	Poor to middle salary.Health benefits cut. Huge copay or deductible of $3000 for familyNo merit pay- CEO got $25 million merit though.Not appreciated by management or corporate.Moved to hourly from sa
1570	"Furloughs, layoffs, low pay, slow upward movement. The management doesn't care at all about their employees. The CEO is retiring and is trying to artificially inflate the stock price before he cashes"
1571	it is a good place to work it has too many workflows
1572	"Benefits are terrible. Takes to many people to make a decision. Hiring process is not good, takes to long."
1573	its voted as the best admired employer. Oil and gas industry has been down and they just had a 5% work load reduction.
1574	It lately has been more stringent with processes that most competent engineers are already familiar with.
1575	Senior leaders are well compensated to deliver strong financial results on the backs of their employees. It finally became too difficult to look myself in the mirror and I left.
1576	"Big company with global presence. Honeywell does not value its employees. All work, all the time. Everyone in replaceable at any time."
1577	Large company is slow to change. Different managers provide different levels of oversight. Company is very slow to promote. Benefits are slowly being reduced. Work/life balance dependent upon manager.
1578	"Friendly environment, good co-workers, challenging projects low salaries, difficult to get promotions"
1579	"No transparency with employees within all levels. Management is somehow not knowledgeable about tasks their respective employees do. Training is difficult. Even though you are a salaried employee, you"
1580	Honeywell was a great place to work. Contracts end all to soon.
1581	"You are a faceless cog in the organization. If you are not an advocate for yourself, no one will be. Occasionally oppressive expectations around work hours and availability if you work in ISC."
1582	"personnel reduction, furloughs, no growing opportunities, not the most competitive salary, bad benefits, and bad management or micro-management however you want to call it."
1583	Puerto Rico SalarySalary increaseFurlough RiskLeadership decisions not well planned.
1584	Laid back environmentGood work environment A ton of benefits have been lostLayoffsFurloughsNo raises 1 or 2 years in a row
1585	"They are non flexible if going to school, you cannot advance within company without BA degree or know someone. Too many secrets and not enough communication."
1586	Too fast changes and sometimes strategies don't take their time to sink in.
1587	"Where to start...don't be fooled, darius is dave's clone without a personality (which can be pos or neg depending on your point of view). Other than the very small bubble I am currently in, what I see"
1588	Great electromechanical experience. Troubleshooting. Research and Development. Data Acquisition. Contract work and not very good health benefits.
1589	"If you've been at Honeywell for more than 10 years, you're nothing but a financial burden. They're looking to get rid if you."
1590	"Good compensation plan for sales, super expensive insurance and little to know annual base salary increase. Top heavy out of Touch Management."
1591	"Work balance, big company and reputable brand, ok benefits, definded pension plan which is rare nowadays. Job security, management, culture, lacks of career development."
1592	Six Sigma culture. Good tools. Outsourcing good American jobs to India.
1593	"No fun for PMs. Really. Too many metrics, many conflicting, with nearly impossible ability to achieve goals leading to bonus reductions. Big stick, no carrots."
1594	"Great people, and a great environment Aerospace business structure is lacking"
1595	"It is amazing to see in the aerospace business where the products provide profits for 25+ years, management focuses on quarterly stock market appeasement policy.Isn't it interesting that misses in for"
1596	Decent salary and benefits. Long Lowered medical benefits and 401k match
1597	Good training in ICS around lean manufacturing management focuses more on their own jobs
1598	I have been using the same tool for the past 12 years. The company needs to update on their software skill set higher to attract more works.
1599	Good pay. Performance based pay increases based on annual reviews. I really have to think hard. Only 1/2 hr lunch.
1600	Upward mobility is nonexistent. Advancing with degrees and certification pose a high risk of micromanagement and eventual job loss. Be prepared to search for a new position if you over-qualify for you
1601	Great people to work with Somewhat poo work life balance
1602	"Constant threat of layoffs and unpaid furloughs, no cost of living increases nor raises for a couple years running, poor benefits and getting worse, reduced 401K match, expensive insurance ($8000.00 a"
1603	"Week long unpaid furloughs company-wide followed by layoffs several times per year, agreed-to salary is sometimes reduced without consent, anything is possible to inflate the CEO Dave Cote's exit pack"
1604	Corporate had a plan to obsolete us from the time when they purchased our site but acted like we were part of long range forecasting. We were purchased in August 2011 and closed by June 2015 with OEM
1605	"Executive C-Level leadership out of touch with employee's value to the company... Furloughs or 10% reduction in salary for all employee's, CEO did not impose same on himself or his leadership team, wh"
1606	"Huge bureaucracy focused on what seems to exclusively quarterly gains at all costs.Lots of outsourcing. If you're role can have a procedure written up for it, better bet they are going to do anything"
1607	"a lot of overtime, can make good money. union shop, to much not working being done!"
1608	A little heavy with the administrative daily time card tracking and stop work states related to contractual obligations. But unavoidable due to government contract rules
1609	supports the joint warfighter via sustainment of the AFSCN Company in transition; sold to KBRWyle
1610	Corporation cares more about reaching dividend forecasts than motivating their people. 3 furloughs in one year. Or 3 weeks not paid. Looking for another job.
1611	"Horrible pay for a company its size. Multiple furloughs last year year, quarterly furloughs this year along with RIFs and no overtime. Same work load with way less people. Very bitter work staff. HR i"
1612	"Good brand, interesting product catagories Lack of collocation and resources in general"
1613	"Not a bad place to gain experience if you're just getting started and your spouse has decent health insurance. Job security is iffy, and none at all if you're a temp."
1614	I did find Dan to be quite abrasive at times. No fault to him though. I can also be abrasive at times.
1615	"Do not value employees, slow moving means most technology is not cutting edge. Poor benefits and numerous organizational changes. Inner company job changes are not encouraged and being pigeon holed is"
1616	Management did not value personal time. They expected you to work long hours and did not care about personal time outside a 40 hours work week. One manager wouldn't let an employee call his daughter w
1617	no direct feedback is given. very little room to grow in the company or move to different departments. Commute was not good
1618	"Enjoyed the work; great co-workers; good work-life balance Little old school; Reduction in Force based on last in, first out"
1619	"Honeywell stock prices are very high at the moment. Extremely poor benefits packages. Continuous wage freezes, layoffs and furloughs."
1620	some of the work is interesting edicts are issued from corporate
1621	Try to do too many things at once. Analysis is often just to check a box and doesn't lead to action or change. Lots of time on Powerpoint just to present up the chain.
1622	Great people and contract environment. Benefits are beginning to dwindle.
1623	"Decent pay, flexible hours, big company Furloughs, layoffs and politics. culture getting worse"
1624	"Ultra-poor leadership; starts at CEO. Layoffs, furloughs, no investment in Capital - literally have had a roof leaking in my lab for over 10 years without the investment to fix it. Most equipment 15-3"
1625	"Change is rapid and holistic, so merges with job consolidation and reduction in force actions are always present and a distraction."
1626	"Co-worker, good experience. Driving distance Benefits and pay. Rules change according to the individual"
1627	Great Benefits Package and job experience. Current challenge is job security due to restructuring
1628	Good people and culture. Much learning opportunities. No bonus for engineers. Recent furloughs and layoffs.
1629	"Low advancement opportunities, company care more about money than employees livelihood. No raises, medical benefits & other perks cut every year, while the CEO, VP & other upper level management salar"
1630	"Great manager, great opportunities to work in aerospace software engineering Lots of layoffs, furloughs, people retiring..."
1631	"Good pay, competitive 401k, diverse interesting variety of product offerings Lots of churn, pressure and disjointed leadership decisions"
1632	"Will keep you for two years as a contract worker then when your contract is over...BYE, FELICIA.Overworked to make management look good, in the end all that matters is money and how things look.No one"
1633	has been a fairly good company but now wall street expectations ruining the culture too frequent cuts in salary
1634	"Lack of long term vision, work & personal life imbalance, changing goals, short term growth thinking"
1635	honeywell is a greedy corporation that locked out its union employees that were making the company record numbers of production because the employees were not willing to accept concessions in their co
1636	Great people to work - co-workersGood LocationFlexible hours Company for sale (HTSI) - UnknownNo communication from LeadershipBad benefitsBad job security
1637	Steady employment good future I think Hard to fit in unless you grew up there
1638	"Team leader of. Production floor, forklift operator Shift work, no backup from a manager"
1639	"Medical benefits and retirement are not that great.Claim focused on safety but would rather cut corners and fudge data and calculations to get by.HOS pits employees against each other and drives ""chec"
1640	"Mandatory 10% salary cuts enacted in April 2016, all while posting record profits to Wall StShareholder value is the one and only focusEmployees are viewed as an expense only. Little training is avail"
1641	"They pay us. Fellow engineers are friendly and cooperative. Furloughs, layoffs, terrible management. Very obvious upper management has no regard whatsoever for their engineers."
1642	Large infrastructure and networking capabilities. No work/life balance. Everyone seems to be over worked.
1643	Leadership is aggressively cutting costs and not investing in the future. New programs often don't make it past the estimation process. VPD is not an agile process and doesn't seem to accelerate anyth
1644	"There were several employees that should not have been there for various reasons, but due to seniority would not be fired."
1645	a lot of global employees so time zone and travel related requirements can be demanding on work life balance.
1646	"Because of the volatility of the marketplace it is misguided to identify ""Cons"" concerning the Honeywell Corporation. I would like to see a review of the research interests at UOP and a reshuffling to"
1647	Recently have lost a big portion of my staff and this trend may continue and start feeling overloaded
1648	"Terrible culture. I'd estimate 85% of the employees in AERO wish they worked somewhere else. Zero investment in making it a fun, enjoyable place to work. Office are very outdated - frozen in time from"
1649	"Currently very internally oriented, frequent leadership changes, low headcount investment in US and W Europe."
1650	"Cannot think of any thing No raises, they lie to get employees to do what they want. No ethics"
1651	"They're attempt to implement best practices, drives away talented people.If you penalize people for bad habits, and not reward those that have good habits, then that is being selfish.They do not hire"
1652	"Good pay and benefits, great co-workers Management turnover too high, poor decision making"
1653	"Changes to the Six Sigma program continue to handicap employees who work in process areas. Salaries are not competitive, talent retention struggles"
1654	Employee Benefits are top notch. Career Growth is very limited.
1655	"good vacation and decent salary outrageous cost of benefits, constant furlough and layoff threats"
1656	Executive leadership is ruining morale. Leadership above site level is only about making the numbers and could care less about employee well being. Average employee receives two furloughs within a 7 m
1657	It is a good company to work for. The company distances itself from lower workers.
1658	"Frustrating, overly-cautious business strategy. Complete unwillingness to spend company money even when all signs including voice of customer point to strong demand. Minimal R&D funding; prone to cuts"
1659	"The company has reduced or deferred raises over the past several years, aggressively passed on health care cost to the employees, have lay-offs and furloughs and cut employee recognition expenses. HR"
1660	Health insurance is awful with a $3000 deductible then 80/20 but a lot of prescriptions are free. Employees are fearful of layoffs and spend more time negatively discussing their future rather then wo
1661	the friendly atmosphere and people The long extensive hours when overtime is needed
1662	Good training and development with continuous eagerness to improve on existing technology. Overall good place to work.
1663	"Great people, good pay, really enjoyed my job Unstable job security, too much non-value added practices costing customers more for their products"
1664	"Bad benefits, average salary, multiple rounds of layoffs/furlough this year, company is very process-driven and metric-driven, which kind of sucks the life out of employees. Honeywell is also extremel"
1665	"So many. Culture and morale, horrible . Job security is shaky every quarter for past 3 years. Management and leadership move so much and do no learn from mistakes because most of them don't even know"
1666	Pays decently starting out and not a very stressful work environment. Difficult to understand Honeywell specific processes
1667	Some people start and end in the same job. This company doesn't always promote their best talent.
1668	"Periodic layoffs, furloughs and some mandatory overtime for some groups. I've heard that management has changed over the years for the worse."
1669	Great deal of training. Furlows and layoffs. Employees not valued.
1670	Wanted more technical training to help with my responsibilitiesSystem needed some upgradingCorporate culture
1671	Very good company to work at None that i can think of at this point
1672	Can't think of many pros. Current challenge is job security due to restructuring
1673	- Outdated MES/ERP system (ERP based in DOS!!) with no update in sight. Slows production and processing to a crawl.- Poor training and continuous education / investment in employees skills- Corporate
1674	"Company tends to think short term - quarter to quarter instead of ignoring the pressures of Wall Street. Challenge of being a conglomerate - chemicals, aerospace, automation and controls in this day a"
1675	The company is very slow and has out-fashioned management style. It is very frustrating at times. This company is not for people who wants things to happen fast.
1676	"Great culture, group of people. Raises could never be over 2%, High deductible health plan, movement of jobs out of the USA"
1677	Good people to work alongside. lots of learning opportunities. two furloughs and two layoffs in less than 12 months.
1678	Benefits are getting cut every year. Management incentive cut 50% for band 4's under Director. Constant nickel and dimming employees on benefits is getting old.Design and development processes are cum
1679	Where to begin...this company being mismanaged from the top down and it is extremely management top heavy. Raises are almost non-existent on top of the below average pay. Schedules are made to meet cu
1680	More frequent furloughs and layoffs with hiring freeze. Doesn't matter if you performed excellent before performance review time there is no raise because of pay freeze. Low staff resources but the co
1681	Constantly making employees furlough in addition to constant lay offs claiming no money while the CEO & managers continue to receive millions of dollars in bonuses that are based on the employees perf
1682	"Nice people, close to home,don't really know what else to say No cola raise, 2% merit raises, management don't have a clue what's going on."
1683	"HR person used a confidential meeting I had with her to use against me to RIF me. She even stated that ""they"" hadn't even looked at the Admins for RIF's, until I went to talk to her of some of my conc"
1684	Constant downsizing little tolerance for thinking outside the box high deductible health insurance is not effective unless you never get sick very cold aloof environment
1685	"lots of Overtime, and the people are nice no raises/ or cost of living increase or bonus and healthcare not real good"
1686	There are a ton of well intended people working at this MN based global biz. Tons! There are so many political games internally that it makes it difficult to do good work.
1687	Cross-site micromanaging needs to stop. People that have limited knowledge of your process try to call the shots. Constant deflection of blame. Many people will try to throw others under the bus or ma
1688	Awesome people. High quality products. It has typical big company issues.
1689	There are a ton of acronyms that are hard to understand some times. The company is big so you are just a cog.
1690	"Too focused on shareholder at the expense of the employee. Recent merit increase freeze and bonus reductions in ACS business unit are common tactics to control cost. Shareholders win, executives win,"
1691	"The general vibe around the office is that this is a soul sucking place to work and the company is extremely cheap on the amenities, which makes it very difficult to come to work."
1692	"Limited increases during so-called ""promotion"". Decreased benefits year over year."
1693	"Summer hours, friendly people, relocation, housing, leadership. Busy work, desk job, long hours"
1694	"Ever since I joined in 2009, the company has been cutting salaries, denying raises, furloughing, laying people off and withholding promotions."
1695	"I have to look for new job since my last day is September 30, 2016. The company decided to move ISC operations to India."
1696	"None at this time due to furloughs, layoffs, and outsourcing. Lack of leadership and pensions. ...outsourcing"
1697	The hard working people I worked with made the job bearable. To name a few:ÿ- Short notice furloughsÿ- Lay offsÿ- No merit increasesÿ- Band 4 still retain their bonuses through all of this...
1698	"TERRIBLE benefits, insurance, and management. No one wants to make any decisions at the site level. Morale is horrible. Everyone stays in constant fear of losing their job. Absolute worst place to wor"
1699	Micro managing style of working. Huge amount of internal presentations and work. Unrealistic timelines and work expectations. No trust in the teams who are doing the work. Very poor travel policy
1700	You get to work with highly qualified team members. Great global exposure Highly political. Most senior strategy leadership plays favorites with the organization
1701	"Great projects, amazing colleagues, decent pay Company doesn't seem to value talent"
1702	Standard shifts with few deviations.Poor work/life balance for management.High deductible healthcare causes you to spend $5000 before it kicks in. Cost is very high.Starting compensation is good but d
1703	At the moment the Aerospace industry it's passing through difficult times and Honeywell is and all style business Corporation and the way they are addressing the issue it's not working. Because of tha
1704	"Lack of job security. Manage for metrics in a very short-sighted way. Lack of foresight and impulsive, reactionary upper management is creating a growing list of problems. Current corporate management"
1705	"Great Team of employees and customers Too many layoff's, uncertain future"
1706	"Local management has no autonomy. Nearly all decisions come out of Morristown. Almost non existent pay raises. Very difficult to move up. Old, rundown facilities. VERY LOW MORALE."
1707	Bureaucracy. Sometimes it takes moving a mountain to get things done. At times businesses analyze too much and miss the market opportunity.
1708	"Long hours, phone calls in the middle of the night due to simple production upsets that could've been fixed shortly and easily without a phone call waking me up."
1709	Great people. If you put in the effort you will get a lot out of the job. Not sure of aerospace's vision for the future working out.
1710	"No raises in 2 years. If you get one, it's no more than 2%. 10% pay cuts, bonuses cut by 50% if you are lucky enough to get them. Layoff and furloughs abound. Jobs going to either MX or India.High ded"
1711	"Good Entry-level Opportunities for recent graduates. None cons; fair employer, great peers, awesome work values."
1712	Benefits reduced and raises are unsufficient. They can work to improve employee motivation and morale.
1713	"The AFSCN is ending, need another job"
1714	good place to work. good work culture very few young people. In india mostly testing happens
1715	"Exciting Industry, good people, some very good leaders not always a stable industry, leadership has opted for employee furloughs"
1716	None at this point. No recommendation. No profit sharing. No bonus. No raise.
1717	Some of the software and data needs updating. Can be hard to drive results with the reassures you're given.
1718	"Excellent benefits, 401k, pension, vacation that increase with time at company. Management could use some people skills classes."
1719	"-No organic growth, only grow through acquisition-Very difficult to hire externally-Hard to move up because of scarcity of promotional opportunities-At least 50hr work week, worse when working on a pr"
1720	"Health insurance is very expensive, career growth is very slow to advance sometimes years , a lot of mandatory overtime"
1721	good experience to be gained there sacrifice employee salaries for profits
1722	Great pay and work environment I don't have any cons at this time
1723	Working at Honeywell could sometimes be stressful and lead to late night / weekend work. There needs to be a better work / life balance.
1724	"The benefits aren't so great, and management / HR can be very lackadaisical when it comes to allowing bad behavior from awful employees."
1725	"the people who work at HON all share similar laid-back, pleasant personalities. It is not competitive very unorganized, lack of training, conflicting initiatives"
1726	"Doing more with less is the norm and long hours are necessary. Everything is metrics driven, beyond reason. Mandatory requirements to create continuous improvement ideas has resulted in change for the"
1727	Opportunities to advance based on performance. Volatile economy affects for business decisions.
1728	Plenty of work and overtime Work life balance. Honeywell Aerospace ISC expects no less than 30 percent overtime to support business needs.
1729	The company is so big that is slow to move or implement faster. There is bureaucracy and many process to follow. Opportunities that can be address faster takes doble time.
1730	"Decreasing benefits, furloughs, no merit increases, no bonuses, bad executive management, no work life balance, low morale, CEO too focused on maximizing stakeholder wealth and will destroy workforce"
1731	people are great. low stress. expected to work all the time
1732	"Well established processes and proceduresUpdated hardware Frugal in spending, heavy work load, inconsistent messages from upper level management, poor benefit offerings"
1733	"Diverse product line, great stock performance Selected few get chosen for career growth opportunities, others (specially minorities) get stuck"
1734	I have been working there for 16 years Not the same as it was when I started.
1735	Good business plan and continued growth. Furloughs and Yearly pay increases skipped.
1736	"Great People, great team building process. Very consistent and honest about job requirements with help offered. Too many force reductions causing stress with employees."
1737	"Sometimes good work. Able to work up the corporate ladder. Non stressful environment. Outsourcing, budget cuts, feuding among groups, processes processes and more processes"
1738	people are friendly and helpful manager do not usually in office
1739	"In Kansas City, leadership is inconsistent and mercurial. There is a definite ""old boy"" mentality, and resistance to new ideas.The HR organization is mostly evil. If you're thinking of a job in commun"
1740	"Friendly, professional, good benefits, large company Remote supervisor, limited in NoVA,"
1741	The shareholders & CEO do not seem to care about their employees at all. They have squeezed as much as they can out of their employees. Their benefits package is basically you paying ridicules prices
1742	"Friendly staff, good workers, convenient location Management does not connect with staff"
1743	Great place to work if u can handle being rapped in a pressure cooker. management not to friendly to fellow employees.
1744	"Gained design experience and friendly coworkers. Layoffs, no raises, furloughs. Best quarterly profit isn't good enough for Wall Street."
1745	"Poor pay, benefits, enormous bureaucracy. Middle level executives unwilling to challenge the horrible process burden that is handed down from above as if all products require the same type of specific"
1746	"The company only values the bottom line. They show little value for people. You will get no training, very little effort towards safety... Constantly violating OSHA requirements...you have to do somet"
1747	Honeywell does not give annual raises. Honeywell is also known for furloughing their people without pay at least one week every year.
1748	"CEO Dave Cote served his apprenticeship under former GE Jack Welch in the late 1990s - 2000 and brought that baggage with him. Can't deny the success of the business, but much of it comes at the expen"
1749	Great diversity of positions available within Honeywell. Good benefits. Opportunities for advancement. High management turnover within 18 mo. - 2 years.
1750	This job is for people who aren't very social. The feeling around the warehouse is almost always nervous. They worry more about everything being in its proper place than they do about production. They
1751	lots of new work in many fields lots of meetings with out real meanings
1752	Sometimes it seems that there are too many chiefs and not enough Indians.
1753	Company talks about fast and right and much of the focus is only on fast.Sr Leaders cause a lot of churn in the organization with frequent demands on data and information.Many lower and mid level mana
1754	"I was there for 30+ years and have no regrets. As with all aerospace companies, it's not the same as it was 20 years ago."
1755	Very strong and forward looking company Admin work trickles down to professionals. Big waste of my time.
1756	Great Management System overall and team Hard to get integrated into
1757	"Company does not care about employee's safety. Could not balance overtime in a respectable way to make working there enjoyable. Would not invest into maintenance of equipment, would run it till it bro"
1758	Honestly like listed on here already there is nothing you can list as a pro when it comes to working in this department Low wagesTerrible managementFavoritismConstant hob threats
1759	Management is minimizing in-house development.Philosophy is for reuse of what is already known.Buying companies/knowledge is the business strategy.
1760	"- Shift work is decided by seniority, not by superior work or (rarely is this last one the case) training.- Working with people that do not want to adapt to new technology or thinking (That's the way"
1761	"Great Team, excellent pay and benefits, flexible hours Contract to Contract yearly negotiations did not allow for job security"
1762	Can not think of any. Constantly buying new companies and laying off employees regardless of job performance or proficiency.
1763	"The job is stable at this point Stressful at times, supervisors need more supervisionSkills"
1764	Initiatives pushed down from the corporate level are sometimes a hindrance at the shop floor level. Work/life balance is difficult due to workload and staffing shortages
1765	"no pension for a fortune 500 company, mandatory overtime and people are in unsafe environment daily, no weekend compensation anymore only 2 days Sat and Sunday, The salaries listed on this site don't"
1766	Many opportunities exist to move up the food chain. Supervisors care about their employees. Benefits are horrible. Too many new six sigma projects that never see completion.
1767	"Honeywell provides a great Work-life flexible schedule If you do not have a degree in Engineering, it's VERY hard to grow your career."
1768	"People, location, 401K match, Continued Strive to Bring in New Product/Technology Benefits, Lack of Overall Focus"
1769	"In what leadership describes as a slow growth environment they are having trouble paying employees. They have forced two weeks with no pay (furlough) in the past 7 months. No merit increases, even for"
1770	"Good people for the most part, decent money High manager turnover, lack of personal accountability by upper management, no work life balance you are expected to give up everything for the company."
1771	"Decent benefits if you know how to play the game. DIsorganized, old-boys' network, little advancement opportunities"
1772	"1) Facilities are old, worn and broken.2) Building are actually trailers. It is a trailer park in the Phoenix facility.3) Harmful and toxic emissions that are inhaled in this facility. Management simp"
1773	"This is also a con. You will become bored with your job and need to move on. The company is not really interested in individual career growth, you have to continue to push to move to the next level."
1774	"None, run away, Honeywell is a toxic company Work Furlough, worst medical in industry, management that is most un-ethical in industry, mandatory UN-compensatedovertime and now cut in pay !"
1775	Good company ethics & thoughts More with less attitude and too many good people to make a struggling company look good.
1776	"Health insurance isn't so great (high deductible only, 3K deductible, 20% coinsurance after you hit the deductible). Benefits and opportunities seem to be decreasing, not increasing. Had layoffs this"
1777	"HR lies and lies and lies. They will lie to you about how much vacation you get. They will lie about how horrible the health insurance is. They will lie about sick days. If HR is saying something, the"
1778	Lot of internal job opportunities Big company - really need to advertise yourself
1779	the work here was easy workflexible schedulefriendlypeople not very challengingno cell phones
1780	Really good group of people Benefits are not the best.
1781	Honeywell has a big company feel that can be a negative if you don't like that type of environment. The work/life balance is difficult if you are working on a critical project.
1782	"Nothing happens quickly, great place to learn about aerospace. Decentralized organization, difficult to obtain access to required systems and applications to function."
1783	"It is a great place, to see what it really takes to make a part successful Some of the red tape process can make a simple task bigger than what it is"
1784	"Too much focus on cost, at the expense of quality. There are many managers in the organization but few true leaders in this environment as most are too concerned about protecting their own position ra"
1785	Politics are horrible. If managers don't like you they will plan your exit quicky. Managers are the problem. Dog eat dog world. Benefits are not good at all.
1786	Since there is cap on hiring and strong limitation of internal hiring your career perspectives are limited. You need to wait things out.
1787	Good work ethics and good working environment.Very safe place to work Not much overtime if that's what your looking for
1788	"If moved up from within, financial growth is a little slower than expected but can be achieved at market level with proven results."
1789	Expected red tape of large corporation. Extensive processes to be followed to fulfill regular tasks. Strategy not always focused.
1790	"good opportunities, excellent co workers Too Impersonal, corporate focused on cost cutting to an extreme"
1791	Too much continually internal change - takes a bite out of qualityRIF - more and more work and multiple job roles transferred to those still here
1792	Honeywell offers competitive salaries for management level employees and up. Honeywell's healthcare benefits leaves much to be desired.
1793	"Good work culture, 3 week vacation , 10 paid leave Pay could be better. Its not very competitive."
1794	"The Union, Personalities of Employee, Unprofessional Office culture, lack of direction/focus, Old Mfg Equipment, Lack of Discipline, zero accountability, Office politics, RACIAL DISCRIMNATION...the li"
1795	"New office, fitness center, summer hours No raises, heavy workload, no appreciation."
1796	Ability to develop lean skills and move up if you have the ability. Aerospace is very unstable business and expect periodic layoffs
1797	Good benefits and salary is ok The culture is getting very bad
1798	Sometimes long hours for project particulars. New projects of importance sometimes makes current project tasks get delayed. Multitasking works for most cases.
1799	"co-workers, direct manager, gain some additional knowledge allowing me to move on Everything: benefits, pay, and always pay freezes. Not sure why people stay there"
1800	Very difficult place to work due to highly political environment. Also very restrictive work practices and weak efforts towards communication. No value for subject matter experts and higher value for
1801	"The manufacturing supervisors are very stern and require very specific goals from each employee. They are work quantity orientated, and everyone has quotas they need to meet."
1802	"Ethical company, excellent management structure Large company so decision making may be slow at times"
1803	"Work flexibility and reasonable pay disorganized organization, lack of accountability, lack of career advancement"
1804	Inconsistent direction and constant leadership changes have caused the business unit I was with to falter badly. They have reduced headcount to the absolute minimum and can barely execute to keep the
1805	None to speak of that are positive Treats employees as Interchangeable carbon units
1806	Decisions made on the corporate level favor the Honeywell shareholder much more than the salaried employee and are by no means consistent. Salaries have just been temporarily reduced by 10%. Lay offs
1807	It was a deep sadness to discover that the job position was ending for many of the higher ranked employees.
1808	"There is a wealth of experience here, many different projects and areas of focus Aging workforce stuck in their ways, low pay for experience level"
1809	"With the push to move the bulk of the design work to ""global"" (i.e. low cost) sites, domestic engineers become more project managers than designers. The ""process"" overhead can also be overwhelming at"
1810	Large company offers acceptable benefits No focus on mobility or career progression
1811	Hardworking People that are dedicated. Lack of diversity within the office.
1812	Friendly environment. Career growth opportunity. Excellent place to learn sometime the belt is tightened to meet Qtr goals
1813	"It's your typical giant corporationWork/life balance isn't the best, but not the worst eitherUpper management seem disconnected from lower ranksDifferent functions (manufacturing, R&D) don't always co"
1814	"Old school mentality, lacking innovative perspective. Health care costs are passed along to employees. Salaries are stagnant. Furloughs every couple of years to fix budget gaps, while the CEO is in th"
1815	average salary and job stability.great 401K program health insurance isn't so good.
1816	"Opportunity for growth, both personal and professional Lacking sense of community and team."
1817	"SO many to name... Avg tenure of HW employee was 27.3 years! Monolithic processes. Unhelpful corp office. Long hours, low pay, differing missions between groups. Super toxic environment and very low m"
1818	Started too much of cost cutting
1819	"In recent few years, instead of being the Engineering company, Honeywell has focused too much on manipulating the short term Stock price and and how the upper executives can get their cut.Cuts, cuts,"
1820	"Cutting edge work. Work atmosphere very friendly and people are fantastic Benefits are very pricey, site needs a lot of upgrades to keep with industry."
1821	Pay better than average companies Looking for too many ways to outsource
1822	1. it's a big company2. a lot of training3. team building is good 1. a lot of process2. cannot see the big tree of the whole company3. do not do visa sponsership
1823	Great advancement opportunities if you want No family life balance to spend more time with family
1824	"Large company with occasional political challenges. User experience design is a newer corporate initiative, and not everyone is quite on board yet."
1825	"Great people and professional attitudes Enjoyed working there, only negative I can think of and disclose would be the many meetings to go over what was discussed at previous meetings."
1826	Honeywell offers great benefits and pay for our area There is a constant change in management leading people to have issues with trust
1827	Challenging day to day. Opportunity to learn. Hard work not always recognized
1828	"The place is aging, bureaucratic, starting to seem like a backwater in its industry (Aerospace division). It lacks vision about how its next 20 years will be"
1829	"Continued reductions of company benefits, (no longer offer pension, increased healthcare costs). Expections to work considerable overtime to compensate for lack of enough employees/"
1830	"The health insurance is terrible. Our out of pocket expenses are insane. Premiums are up again, so is the deductible."
1831	A Great place to work Very Large corporate structure and decision making
1832	"Great people, easy job. Not a lot of upward movement"
1833	They provide great service and products to the government. They also take great care of their employees with salaries and benefits. There are no downsides in work for Honeywell
1834	"well structured organization,good system lack of care for employee, no career development plan,low pay"
1835	great work culture and work balance. Less benefits and compensation. Management should focus on innovation
1836	"They are a good, stable company They have not given yearly performance/merit increases too many times over the years."
1837	Things constantly changing and uniforms
1838	Much older community at Honeywell and the aerospace industry in general (many people are ready to retire) - not a lot of peers for the younger crowdNot great benefits
1839	No one goes out of the way to help. They tend to require overtime. Training is LACKING. People will ignore you if you are new.
1840	"Pay, Management, Leadership, Future, Growth Long Hours, Politics, Culture, Morose, Lack of team work"
1841	Nothing good to say about this company. Too much work for the staff. You end up working 12 hour days when you are salaried.
1842	Senior management doesn't want to train for positions people are placed into which leads to the experienced workers covering for those with little to no knowledge. Senior management are engineers and
1843	"Ironically, lack of proper management gives sufficient space for freedom and realization"
1844	"At the time, leader Carey Smith (an those she brought in) really pulled the organization down into price war bidding in areas not worth fighting for. Business went from very high capacity and spiraled"
1845	"I met some great people, and learned a lot. My boss was not very good."
1846	Big company many different opportunities Big company that operates in many silos makes it difficult to navigate. Also too many org changes/job restructuring.
1847	"Health Benefits are poor, vacation accrual time is poor, only 2 weeks at onset, takes 5 years to earn more. They promote based on who's willing to take on extra responsibility and blame with no pay ra"
1848	"Great benefits, good management, opportunities for growth Sometimes the size can make it challenging to accomplish certain tasks"
1849	"A lot of talent that is overlooked to save money and it ends up costing the employees more to fix (time and money). Company is very top heavy with managers, salaries are low, not aligning with the mar"
1850	"""Continually improving"" gets old after a while. Sometimes you run out of ideas."
1851	Everyone was really helpful and really cared about your career. It's a hard company to get into
1852	Management not pursuing new work aggressively enough. Engineering management decisions made by people located in another state not local in New Jersey.
1853	I was able to gain a lot of valuable experience there. Nothing bad really. There is no such thing as a perfect job.
1854	"Horrible pay and horrendous benefits which shrink continuously. Micro-managing is the name of the game and they can't make things worse, they look somewhere else. For example, my department has a ten-"
1855	There may be some nepotism. Salaries are below average. The health insurance is terrible. There is a $3000 deductible. Its like not having insurance at all.
1856	Benefits have eroded and performance evaluations do not match merit increases. There are no bonuses and career growth is difficult to come by.
1857	"Job Guarantee , Nice Work environment. Very Conservative policies , Not much growth for employees"
1858	
1859	This Company have Good Behaviors This Company can improve their Compensation Plan
1860	Underpaid! Once I looked outside and went on interviews it was very clear how much I was underpaid even after asking for a raise many times. Medical benefits are horrible.
1861	DOES NOT RECOMMEND!!! Managers show favoritism and award employee of the year to mediocre performance. NO RAISES FOR AN ENTIRE DIVISION IN 3 YEARS!!! The company will boast how much billions they have
1862	ANyone can get easily adapatable to the work environment. No cons from my side
1863	Terrific Growth Opportunity for Performing Staff /Individuals Frequent Organizational Changes Every Year
1864	"The healthcare is horrible, nobody in ISC wants to work there and may have quit or found jobs in other departments. Employees are working 50-80 hours a week with no pay raises this year. The company i"
1865	"The overarching focus on cost cutting has reduced resources necessary to do quality work. This, with the force reductions and furloughs has hurt morale, especially in some businesses"
1866	"Unfortunately, senior management is a ""good old boy"" network of pathetically untalented individuals whose only interest is moving up and maintaining their bonuses. Too many cheifs and 1 % of the india"
1867	"World wide company, great place to work. Promotions are very slow and hard to get"
1868	"good team mates, good site partners abusive leaders (i.e., interim VP), no career paths"
1869	"Good work hours, good coworkers. Company makes billions in profits every year, always making excuses why they can't give raises. There is only 1 reason employees don't receive raises, GREED."
1870	"Budget cuts lead to staff reductions. Do not have any control over your career, can be doing a great job but if that segment declines you could be on the street."
1871	"Challenging work/life balance, heavy bureaucracy at times, expensive benefits, RIF & furloughs even though financially strong and while outperforming competitors"
1872	Stable Company with moderately good benefits High work load and high expectations
1873	Great people to work with and the programs are exciting. There was layoffs because the program was over budget.
1874	"Awesome benefits, great place to work Lack of management communications within"
1875	Lots of opportunity to move around a large company into new roles. Occasionally short term deliverables impact ability to drive long lasting change
1876	"Way to much checking, re-checking and re-checking the already re-checked. The ops managers think they know what is best regardless of what people suggest."
1877	#NAME?
1878	Very conservative with salary and pay benefits.
1879	Developed region working environment facing constant pressure to downsize and diminishing value proposition for individual contributors who see declining benefits over time.
1880	Great company to work for and great people no room for advancement and pay raises were very low
1881	"Honeywell is great company, and has systemic training, with lots of useful resources, and smart people. The organization is too big, and communication process is long."
1882	Good learning curveGrants opportunity to explore and take up initiativesGood work environment and culture Not very good benefit and compensation offer
1883	"Friendly, professional and progressive. Heavy use of contractors. Frequent business fluctuation. Contractors are frequently the first victims of downsizing."
1884	They seem to hire and promote from the outside. Benefits are dwindling. Health care costs are up.
1885	Honeywell is adding so many tools and processes and requirements to the responsibilities of a design engineer that it is impossible to truly focus on creating quality designs. The network and CAD syst
1886	"I do not believe a true ""con"" exists beyond typical things that make work work."
1887	"Fast pace and dynamic company. Multi-tasking and have opportunity to learn. Benefit is not as good, company should respect and reward employees when contribution is made."
1888	"Big corporate feel,..inefficient rules and procedure. So you are pushed and measured by schedule but they put barriers all along the way like failure is by design.Jobs are sent to China or India even"
1889	"Leading the way in takeaways. Focus has shifted away from all stakeholders (stockholders, employees, customers, suppliers, community) to just stockholders."
1890	"Good and challenging projects in Display and Graphics department Low salaries, and letting the talent go away"
1891	Honeywell- Challenging jobs with advancement based on performance. Top level company management more remote since physical move out of Minneapolis
1892	"Pay well, smart people, beautiful new HQ Poor management, worst benefit, miserable working environment"
1893	"Company wise, there is high focus on growth in emerging markets and little to no growth in the US. Advancement wise, there is little opportunity for promotion into the principal engineering role."
1894	Great team and atmosphere and very tenured employees. Great place for veterans. Located on Marine base (Blount Island) which is isolated. Computers and everything else is outdated.
1895	Professional Engineers are top notch A lot of paperwork involved
1896	"Secure, good benefits, lots of overtime, education benefits and love to hire internally. Health insurance is mediocre w/high deductible"
1897	"Pay is way below market value.'Benefits' are sub-par - for example, one must be a FTE for one year in order to take PTO.Petty rules that are not documented and are not universally applied.LOTS of folk"
1898	"nice working environment, flexible working time, competitive salary package vertical organizaiton, a bit bureaucracy, office politices"
1899	"Good people, nice environment, big organization Too much politics, complicated procedure"
1900	Great flexibility and allows for well balanced work/personal life. Have to keep track of time worked on each project on a daily basis.
1901	"Large company, benefits are typical; not great but OK No work life balance at all. They expect you to put in 70-80 hrs per week. Do not have enough people."
1902	"great pay, great people and exciting work large company managing margins to increase earnings"
1903	"Easy work, pretty interesting good co-workers No management present ever. Lots of downtime."
1904	"well where to begin, the Benefits are worse than if you work for a temp agency, The building I work in is a sick building, has made me sick for seven years, and can't see a DR. because of the lack of"
1905	"Solid growing company, descent benefits, Totally sales Oriented, need to invest more in technology"
1906	Too many divisional managers with no real understanding of technical requirements. Offshore team work makes for an odd and disruptive set of work hours.
1907	Salary is competitive. Plenty of room for growth and movement to various disciplines based on size of company and multiple nearby sites. Top heavy in management. Aviation is currently in a lull.
1908	Great people and decent pay Mind numbing work in the quality side.
1909	"Base salary is good, the legacy people are good Everything else, this is a horrible company lead by unethical and dishonest senior management. They do not like employees or care for them."
1910	
1911	Good working culture. Talented pool of professionals. Low in salary as compared to market competitors.
1912	"When it comes to penny ante bs this company takes the cake. You can't just come in and do your job, they pick at the stupidest things. Wearing the proper straps isn't even enough, you have to wear it"
1913	"Great products, great people, great work environment. Many previous benefits have been reduced and/or increased employee contributions towards benefits."
1914	"The industry, and Honeywell's, move to higher deductible health care plans has made it difficult for many singles and families."
1915	Benefits seem to get worse and worse as times goes on.
1916	"There is too much focus on finances and budgets, management is pressured to reduce cost to serve, and high level management is only looking out for company profits. There are layoffs every few years a"
1917	Great team and well run company Large dispursed organization makes working in teams a challenge.
1918	"Benefits have been changing rapidly over the last three to four years. 401k matching is reduced, healthcare has moved to High Deductible Healthcare Plan without a reduction in premiums. Pensions are n"
1919	"Good Salary,Moderate Work Life Balance More politics, More Process Oriented"
1920	"Challenging and rewarding work supporting energy efficiency programs across the country. Growing pains are inevitable, but I have confidence in the marketing team they have in place."
1921	"Cost cutting culture concerning manpower and resources, Constant expectations to meet budget and schedule milestones that seem to be unattainable."
1922	alot of overtime if you want it. hard work doesn't get you far.
1923	You are expected to put in constant overtime - hourly or salary - even if there isn't enough work to justify it. Stack ranking style reviews. Micromanagement through the use of HOS rules right down to
1924	Very profitable and growing company which hires only the best talent Too many changes in the IT organization and morale generally average to poor
1925	Great company with flexible working schedule. The offer multiple opportunities and career advancement Work can be slow in the beginning and take a while to get moving for most people.
1926	"Good money, nice contract employees poorly organized, run by almost all contract employees"
1927	"Competitive salaries, flexible schedule, excellent opportunities for growth, and great relocation packages. Not so great health insurance and other benefits."
1928	Improvement opportunities and customer focus Large and complex processes lacking management systems
1929	"Great company and CEO, David Cote really inspire. Atlanta call center management out of touch with employees."
1930	Excellent global manufacturer diverse portfolio Profit maximization through out sourcing.
1931	"Company made 38.6 Billion in 2015, no one got raises. Excessive overtime. Company does more to keep shareholders happy than they do employees. Distribution Centers (Warehouses) increase profit by ship"
1932	is a great company with allot of headroom to progress if you network and excel no place is perfect but if you learn to not complain and work hard and diligently the rewards are there
1933	No raise 2 out the 4 years. HR is horrible they let the union employees get away with murder. Supervisors do not stay because the Honeywell Aero Space in Southbend is a dysfunctional organization in 4
1934	"There are too many managers, which can result in loss of productivity due to the bureaucracy involved. The health care benefits have been progressively worsening."
1935	"High stress. Under staffed. Overworked. No women in leadership roles. If you have a family you will not advance. If your older, you will be let go. Young, male dominance in leadership roles."
1936	A very friendly place. nothing bad to say about this company
1937	The company is very focused on a lean operation - to the extent that it becomes hard to get anything done. Everyone is overworked. People you rely on are slow to respond -or just flat out tell you the
1938	Flexible work hours and lot of things to learn Payments are on very low side
1939	No on-boarding/orientation for staff members. Huge programs that are continuously being changed and modified. Huge staffing issues. Low pay forced time off without pay. Little to no support from upper
1940	"Upper management does not seem to care about retaining talent in engineering. Lots of perks and attention to the business functions, but none given to engineering except for pats on the back when thin"
1941	Honeywell Operating System - Lean Six Sigma culture! Soft global demand impacting workforce.
1942	Staying in one location can limit career growth. The engineering world is a bit stuck in the past and still rewards years of service over talent.
1943	"Benefits?... What benefits high deductible insurance but they are ""generous"" to cover the monthly fee for your insurance card. They want more and more from their employees but give very little to noth"
1944	Good team members and team leader some times night shift to complete project in time.
1945	"They let you achieve what your capabilities will afford you. Retired too soon, miss the day to day action."
1946	"Great company to be able to advance and retire. Sometime working in extreme weathers can be challenging. Also, sometimes long hours of having to work overtime is difficult but it works for me."
1947	"Corporate overhead in terms or reporting monthly financial metrics can be over bearing. Slow moving company, very conservative. Changing toolsets make doing every day tasks difficult."
1948	Very good learning - techie too much work pressure and Politics
1949	"Good company to make your resume shine, TOO BIG OF A COMPANY TO CARE ABOUT EMPLOYEES"
1950	"work life balance is good Project close , there was many layoffs and furlows not on basis of performance ,"
1951	"Stability, good vacation & paid time off. Get your money upfront. Raises are typically yearly but only for small amounts. If in small/smallish town you will have to move to grow."
1952	Work was good and people nice. Too bad contracted ended. Was a good place.
1953	"Disconnected leadership, convoluted processes that are seldom followed, continually dwindling resources and hardcore cost-cutting culture, poor benefits (very high healthcare deductibles), extremely c"
1954	Rotating shift work is a little hard to get used to. Annual raises are not as high as they could be. Little upward mobility.
1955	"As a manufacturing site in the US many resource are difficult to get, constant starts and stops in converting temp labor to perminate frustrates everyone in the process."
1956	"People are great, not management. Pay and benefits are disgusting the worst."
1957	Flexible work schedule. Decent pay. 401k match. 8% of annual salary. Management doesn't listen to the employees they do what they want to do
1958	"Human Resources are out of touch with business goals and people, employees are under valued or improperly compensated based on numbers instead of individual leadership feedback"
1959	"Constant work, good hours and safe working environment. Health insurance not great. Contract position."
1960	the pay is pretty stagnant if you take part in their analyst program. Although they promote from within it may not be suitable for the more ambitious types.
1961	the company will have a set of rules that only applies to certain people when they want to like tardiness and absenteeism and production quotas
1962	"Aerospace division suffers from glut of politically correct middle-managers with little talent and no vision, a functional matrix organization where no one is in charge but everyone can block progress"
1963	Advanced technology with talent people None to my best knowledge
1964	"Most manager do not have machining experience or knowledge. Employee satisfaction is not good, nor a focus. Constant rumors and signs company will be moving all work south of the border."
1965	"Short term focused - poor investment in long term growth -- lean org, all about cutting to make short term bottom lineBenefits get worse each year"
1966	"Long hours. They try to do more, with less. Management is not always available. To many meetings. To many bosses."
1967	Great opportunity to grow and learn Hard to balance work-life and keep up with the workload
1968	"large company with lots of options to move around working with all the red tape issues, random layoffs"
1969	The politics in my department. Benefits were not good. No upward mobility. The outlook of my location was pretty vgrimat the time I left. No training whatsoever.
1970	Good company to work for. Pay and benefits are good. Job responsibilities seen to change frequently with very little notification and or training.
1971	Very friendly atmosphere. Great opportunity to make a positive impact for people in my community & throughout LI. contracted position which was dependent upon a reasonable bid.
1972	"Work is more exciting at commercial aviation segments, space and defense mostly have maintenance programs, and not so much going with Cost plus programs. Most of the big programs normally go budget ov"
1973	"401K less than it used to be, but better than most still. Work life balance can be challenging."
1974	"Autonomy, no micromanagement, smart people. None, none, none, none, none."
1975	"Their is no room to grow and the employee schedule is not is aligned with the business needs.Additionally, the supervisors are not capable to improve the scheduling issue."
1976	Change is constantly happening at Honeywell with acquisitions being made and outsourcing decisions. Job security is always a concern with this company.
1977	Good place to work for. Emphasis was on learning fast and applying yourself Follow-ups with colleagues at times was tough.
1978	No room for promotion unles you are one of the chosen few. Lousy merit increases. Always rumors of reductions in force. Management in Aerospace are always crying slow performance yet attend expensive
1979	Some very good people to work with around the country. Constant knowledge drain throughout the aerospace division due to poor decisions in upper managements desire to globalize.
1980	
1981	"Good wages, great hours if you are in the right department. Lack of commitment if you do a great job while on contract. With management worried more about their bones than the teams."
1982	Flexible time schedules as long as your work is done. Over regulated and almost no concern for small business requirements of government contracts.
1983	Ok to work for if you like big business Believe their HR department needs some work.
1984	Fortune 100 company that treats their employees very well difficult to get hired on permantly
1985	"Very old fashioned. The decor is very old fashioned cubicle like (not too modern, like google, or facebook, etc.). All engineers have to wear business casual while other workers can wear anything (it"
1986	No work life balance. Project implementations required 80 hour work weeks and when finished a 50 hour standard work week was expected. All core functions seemed to be going to contractors and not Hone
1987	Lots of opportunities within the company. Lots of competitive people in company
1988	"A company this size will obviously have politics, red tape, and bureaucracy. Career development support can be spotty and highly dependent on who your specific manager is."
1989	Steady employment until you get MULA'd. Benefits decreading every year. Conglomerate setup is not focused on growth marlets and stagnant.
1990	"***Stay away from this company***Leadership is very shallow and any promotion is based on facade, golf connections and office romance! Your skill sets are purely secondary!~Metrics are constantly shif"
1991	"Great environment, nationalities diversity, good and flexible working hours. low salary roof. outsource hiring or contracts."
1992	Large business with a global foot print Many jobs moving to China
1993	Autonomy in the work place. Flexibly work schedule. Tele commuting Company is doing a significant amount of outsourcing
1994	"Management does not respond timely to employees concerns, resourcing constraints that restrict and impact how you source project work- which impacts speed to deliver and quality"
1995	Fortune 500 CompanyOpportunity for Growth The Medical Benefits are geared more toward a single person vs a family or even a single parent
1996	"People are laid off in one breathe and they are celebrating making all of the company goals, including income. People need to do more with less people. Departments are bare bones. Memorial Day and Lab"
1997	Leadership Expectations unrealistic. No work life balance. Slow moving to implement change. Furloughs a reality in 2016 for Industrial Safety group. Under resourced in all areas. Benefits keep getig r
1998	"Able to work in various positions under paid, too many change of management"
1999	Close to home and business at site was growing. Consistent long hours with very little back up.
2000	Nice working environment at honeywell Daily meeting & the kaizen it makes bit irritation